{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\deflang3081\deflangfe3081\ltrdoc{\fonttbl
{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 \fnil Arial;;}
{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}
{\f2\fnil\fcharset1 Arial;}
{\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Segoe UI;}
{\f4\fnil\fcharset128 Cambria;}
}
{\colortbl;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red102\green102\blue153;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red192\green192\blue192;
\red51\green153\blue102;
\red128\green128\blue128;
\red153\green51\blue0;
}
\uc0{\info
{\title ORM Studio}
{\author \u194 \u169  2017 Viev Pty Ltd}
}
\portrait
\widowctrl
\paperw11906
\paperh16838
\margl720
\margr720
\margt720
\margb720
{\footer \par\pard\plain \widctlpar\tqr\tx10466 {}{\tab} {}\par }
{\stylesheet
{\s1\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}
{\s2\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}
{\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 3;}
{\s4\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 4;}
{\s5\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 5;}
{\s6\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 6;}
{\s7\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 7;}
{\s8\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 8;}
{\s9\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 9;}
{\s10\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 10;}
}
\pard\plain\f0\fs20 Your content page goes here...
\par
\par In MS-Word, select INDEX AND CONTENTS from the INSERT menu.
\par Select CONTENTS and click OK.
\par
\par An index page was added to the end of this document.
\par \page
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Introduction}{\*\bkmkend topic_Introduction}\s1\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Boston
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "viev_logo_large.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs72\cf2 Boston
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs60\cf2 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "University2.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Copyright Viev Pty Ltd 2017\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Welcome_topic}{\*\bkmkend topic_Welcome_topic}\s2\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Welcome to Boston
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Welcome to Boston! Boston sets the standard for the development of Object-Role Modeling diagrams for database and software analysis and design.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Viev approaches software design much like the painstaking work required to develop a fine watch movement. Boston has well in excess of 70,000 lines of code and millions of pieces of information that we bring together to provide the best possible product that we can deliver. As an art form we constantly hone our skills and adopt new technologies in order to refine the products that we build, much like fine watchmakers.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Treated carefully, Boston will give you years of satisfaction when analysing and designing databases, software structures and ontologies.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "Horology89938177.jpg" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Much like a fine watch movement, the Boston database and metamodel have been carefully designed to bring to you state of the art. As the only stand-alone ORM Modeling tool on the market targeting ORMv2, Boston represents years of research and development rolled into one product.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 We hope that Boston brings you years of enjoyment, assisting to deliver to the quality levels you aspire to.\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_The_Model_Explorer}{\*\bkmkend topic_The_Model_Explorer}\s1\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul The Model Explorer
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The Model Explorer provides a list of ORM Models and their Pages that are either:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Stored within the Boston database; or
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Have been imported into Boston from a .fbm XML file during the current session;
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The Model Explorer is automatically loaded when Boston starts and provides an easy way to navigate to the Model and/or Page that you wish to work with within the Workbench.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The picture below is of the Model Explorer.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "frmModelExplorer.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The Model Explorer
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs26\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Using the Model Explorer Form
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Each Model is listed, one below the other. If the Model contains Pages (as most Models do), a [+] symbol appears to the left of the Model name.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs22\cf0 Viewing Pages within a Model
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Click on the [+] symbol to expand the view the list of Pages for the Model (the symbol changes to the [-] symbol).
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 If the [-] symbol appears next to Model's name in the Model Explorer, clicking on the [-] symbol will hide the list of Pages for the Mode (the [-] symbol changes to the [+] symbol).
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \par\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Managing_Models}{\*\bkmkend topic_Managing_Models}\s2\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Managing Models
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 This chapter outlines how to manage Models within Boston.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Help topics include:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Adding_a_Model_to_the_Model_Ex" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Adding a Model to the Model Explorer}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Loading_an_existing_ORM_Model" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Loading an existing ORM Model}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Deleting_an_ORM_Model" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Deleting an ORM Model}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Emptying_an_ORM_Model" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Emptying an ORM Model}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Adding_a_Model_to_the_Model_Ex}{\*\bkmkend topic_Adding_a_Model_to_the_Model_Ex}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Adding a Model to the Model Explorer
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 There are two ways to add a new Model to the list of Models in the Model Explorer:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Add a new Model directly to the database; or
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Import an ORM Model from a .fbm XML file.
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The following help topics outline the ways to add a new Model to the Model Explorer.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \par\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Adding_a_Model_directly_to_the}{\*\bkmkend topic_Adding_a_Model_directly_to_the}\s4\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Adding a Model directly to the database
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following steps outline how to add a new Model directly to the database:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure the Model Explorer is open within the Boston workbench;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Right-click with the mouse on the "Boston" node at the top of the tree displayed within the Model Explorer.
\line 
\line A context menu will open with the options that you have to add a new Model to the Model Explorer and the Boston database.
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "mnuAddOrImportModel-ModelExplorer.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\line 
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Select the "Add ORM Model" option within the context menu;
\line 
\line A new Model will appear at the bottom of the list of Models displayed in the Model Explorer.
\line The following picture shows the Model, "New ORM Model 14" added to the list of Models in the Model Explorer.
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "frmModelExplorer-AddNewORMModel.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Import_an_ORM_Model_from_a_.fb}{\*\bkmkend topic_Import_an_ORM_Model_from_a_.fb}\s4\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Import an ORM Model from a .fbm XML file.
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 You can import Models directly into Boston and the Model Explorer by importing a .fbm XML file.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 "fbm" stands for "Fact-Based Modeling" and all ORM Models are Fact-Based Models.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The following steps outline how to import a Model directly into Boston and the Model Explorer by importing a .fbm XML file:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure the Model Explorer is open within the Boston workbench;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Right-click with the mouse on the "Boston" node at the top of the tree displayed within the Model Explorer.
\line 
\line A context menu will open with the options that you have to add a new Model to the Model Explorer and the Boston database.
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "mnuAddOrImportModel-ModelExplorer.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\line 
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Select the "Import ORM .fbm file" option within the context menu;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 4.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 A "Open File" dialog box will be opened for you to navigate to and open a .fbm file.
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "frmOpenFileDialog.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\line 
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 5.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Select the Fact-Based Modeling file that you would like to import into Boston and the Model Explorer, and then select the [Open] button on the Open File dialog;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 6.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The ORM Model will be imported into Boston and displayed at the bottom of the list of Models within the Model Explorer.\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Loading_an_existing_ORM_Model}{\*\bkmkend topic_Loading_an_existing_ORM_Model}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Loading an existing ORM Model
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following steps outline how to load an existing Model for editing.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure the Model Explorer is open within the Boston workbench;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Left-click on the Model within the list of Models displayed within the Model Explorer;
\line The Model will load from the Boston database.
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 When the Model has finished loading from the Boston database, the Status Bar at the bottom of the Boston workbench will read "Model Loaded: <The name of the Model Loaded>"
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \par\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Deleting_an_ORM_Model}{\*\bkmkend topic_Deleting_an_ORM_Model}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Deleting an ORM Model
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following steps outline how to delete an existing ORM Model from the Boston database.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure the Model Explorer is loaded within the Boston workbench;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Right-click on the Model that you would like to delete within the list of Models within the Model Explorer.
\line You will be presented with the Model context menu.
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "frmModelExplorer-ModelMenu.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\line 
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Select the [Delete Model] menu option within the Model context menu.
\line The Model will be deleted from the Boston database and removed from the list of available Models within the Model Explorer.\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Emptying_an_ORM_Model}{\*\bkmkend topic_Emptying_an_ORM_Model}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Emptying an ORM Model
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following steps outline how to Empty an existing ORM Model of all its Model Elements.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure the Model Explorer is open within the Boston workbench
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Right-click on the Model that you would like to Empty, within the list of Models within the Model Explorer.
\line You will be provided with the Model context menu.
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "frmModelExplorer-ModelMenu.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\line 
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Select the [Empty Model] menu option within the Model context menu;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 4.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The Model will be emptied of all Model Elements, and will (in effect) be an empty Model.
\line \par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Managing_Pages}{\*\bkmkend topic_Managing_Pages}\s2\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Managing Pages
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The help topics within this chapter outline how to manage Pages at a high level (Adding, Opening for Editing, Deleting, Copying and Pasting Pages).
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \par\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Working_with_a_Models_Pages}{\*\bkmkend topic_Working_with_a_Models_Pages}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Working with a Model's Pages
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Models in Boston are edited by working with views over the Model called, 'Pages'. Each Page is a view of a subset or entire view of the Model you are working with.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Conceptually, and at the physical database level, within Boston each Model stores all of the Model Elements of that Model (i.e. The ORM Model itself), and each Page is a view over that ORM Model.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The following picture provides a conceptualised view of the relationship between a Model and the Page views over that Model.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "ModelAndPages.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\line Conceptual view of a Model with three Page views over that Model
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The following help topics outline how to Add, Edit and Delete Pages that are over an ORM Model.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs26\cf0 Why work with Pages?
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 There are numerous reasons why it is convenient to work with Pages over a Model:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs26\cf0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Pages offer a convenient way to view a Model, especially large and complex Models. If a Model is large and complex, each Page can provide a subset view of that Model which is convenient to digest and work with;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Model Elements within a Page can be deleted from that Page without deleting the Model Element from the Model;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 In as much as the collection of Pages over a Model depict that Model, the collection of Pages for a Model forms the entire visible view of that Model (i.e. the ORM Diagram of that Model);
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 4.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 ORM Models contain Model Elements that are not visible, or 'usually visible' to a user viewing the Model;
\line e.g. A Subtype Relationship, while viewed as an arrow from the Subtype Object Type, to the Supertype Object Type within an ORM Diagram, are stored as Fact Types (called, 'Identity Fact Types') within the Model. These Fact Types are not visible to a person viewing the ORM Diagram, but exist within the ORM Model and play a crucial role in the management of ORM Models containing Subtype Relationships.
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 See the help topic, {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Pages" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Pages}}}, for instructions on how to Add, Edit and Delete Pages that are over an ORM Model.\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Adding_a_Page_to_an_ORM_Model}{\*\bkmkend topic_Adding_a_Page_to_an_ORM_Model}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Adding a Page to an ORM Model
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following steps outline how to add a Page to a Model:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure the Model Explorer is open in the Boston workbench
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Find and select a Model in the Model Explorer by clicking on the Model in the list of Models within the Model Explorer
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Right-click on the Model to which you would like to add a Page.
\line The Model context-menu will appear:
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "frmModelExplorer-ModelMenu.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\line 
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 4.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Select the option, [Add Page] within the context-menu;
\line A new Page will appear at the bottom of the list of Pages for the selected Model:
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "frmModelExplorer-NewPage.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Editing_a_Page2}{\*\bkmkend topic_Editing_a_Page2}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Editing a Page
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Pages are edited within the Boston workbench by opening the Page from within the Model Explorer. The rich graphic user interface allows you to manage all Model Elements of a Model within the Page editing form and associated Toolboxes.
\line 
\line The next topics outline how to open and commence editing a Page within a Model:
\line 
\line {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Opening_an_existing_Page_for_e" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Opening an existing Page for editing}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "ORMStudioWorkbench.zoom58.png.bmp" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\line 
\line A Page being edited with the Boston workbench\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Opening_an_existing_Page_for_e}{\*\bkmkend topic_Opening_an_existing_Page_for_e}\s4\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Opening an existing Page for editing
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following steps outline how to open an existing Page for editing from within the Model Explorer:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure the Model Explorer is open within the Boston workbench;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Navigate to a Model and Page within the Model Explorer;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Right-click on the Page within the Model that you wish to open for viewing or editing within the Boston workbench.
\line A context-menu will appear with the options that you can select for that Page.
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "frmModelExplorer-EditPage.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\line 
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 4.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Click on the [Edit Page] option within the context-menu;
\line The Page will be opened within the Boston workbench for viewing and editing.
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "ORMStudioWorkbench.zoom58.png.bmp" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \par\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Editing_a_Page}{\*\bkmkend topic_Editing_a_Page}\s4\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Editing a Page
\par\keepn
{\fs12\v {\xe {canvas}}}
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 To edit a Page over a Model, follow the steps in the following help topics:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Adding_Model_Elements_to_a_Mod" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Adding Model Elements to a Model}}} (Provides the steps to add Entity Types, Value Types, Fact Types, Role Constraints and Model Notes to a Model);
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Working_with_Model_Elements" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Working with Model Elements}}} (Provides the steps to view the properties of a Model Element and how to remove Model Elements from a Page and/or a Model);
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 NB\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  The blank (white) area of a Page is called the "canvas".\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Deleting_a_Page}{\*\bkmkend topic_Deleting_a_Page}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Deleting a Page
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following steps outline how to remove or 'Delete' a Page from a Model:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 NB\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  Deleting a Page from a Model does not remove the Model Elements within that Page from the Model. Each Page is a view over a Model, and not the Model itself. To remove individual Model Elements from a Model, see the help-topics {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Removing_a_Model_Element_from2" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Removing a Model Element from a Page and a Model}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure the Model Explorer is open within the Boston workbench;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Find and select the Page within the Model
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Right-click on the Page within the Model Explorer
\line The Page context-menu will appear
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "frmModelExplorer-EditPage.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\line 
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 4.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Select the [Delete Page] option with the context menu.
\line The Page will be removed/deleted from the Model.\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Copying_a_Page}{\*\bkmkend topic_Copying_a_Page}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Copying a Page
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 To copy an entire Page to the clipboard, follow the steps below:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure the Model Explorer is open within the Boston workbench;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Navigate to the Page that you would like to copy to the clipboard, within the Model Explorer;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Right click on the Page.
\line The Page context menu will appear:
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "frmModelExplorer-EditPage.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\line 
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 4.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Select the [Copy Page] option within the Page context menu.
\line The Page will be copied to the clipboard in its entirety.
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 NB\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  The respective Model Elements at the Model level will also be copied to the clipboard, so if you paste the Page from the clipboard to another Model, those Model Elements will be migrated to the second Model.\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Pasting_a_Page}{\*\bkmkend topic_Pasting_a_Page}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Pasting a Page
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following steps outline how to paste a Page to a Model.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure that the Model Explorer is open within the Boston workbench;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Navigate to the Model to which you would like to paste the Page that is within the clipboard;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Right-click on the Model.
\line You will be presented with the Model context menu:
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "frmModelExplorer-ModelMenu.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\line 
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 4.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Select the [Paste Page] menu option within the Model context menu.
\line The Page (and all associated Model Elements) will be pasted (appended) to the selected Model.
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 NB\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  If there are any conflicts in the Model Elements being appended to the Model (from the Model of the source of the Page), you will be prompted to resolve the conflicts.
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 NB\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  If there is no Page within the clipboard, the [Paste Page] menu option will be disabled (as in the picture above).\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Chapter_2}{\*\bkmkend topic_Chapter_2}\s1\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Creating an ORM Diagram
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Boston is custom built to develop Object-Role Models, or 'ORM Diagrams'. Commonly referred to as 'ORM Models' (Object-Role Modeling Models), ORM Diagrams capture the semantics and structure of your data model.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Once you have mastered the Model Explorer and learned how to create ORM Models and Pages over those Models, the following help topics describe how to create ORM Diagrams using Boston.\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Overview}{\*\bkmkend topic_Overview}\s2\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Overview
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Boston has what is called a 'Workbench'. A workbench is a Multiple Document Interface (MDI) where all of the sub-forms (or 'documents') are presented to the user in one main form, the Boston workbench.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Boston allows you to work with multiple views over an ORM Model, called 'Pages'.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The following help topic outlines what a Page is, and how Pages relate to the ORM Model that they represent ({\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Pages" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Pages}}}).
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "ORMStudioWorkbench.zoom52.png.bmp" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The Boston Workbench\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Pages}{\*\bkmkend topic_Pages}\s2\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Pages
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Each Page of an ORM Model is a view over an ORM Model. Pages are displayed within the Model Explorer as a list of Pages for a Model.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 For a detailed description of Pages, see the help topic, {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Managing_Pages" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Managing Pages}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Pages are displayed in the Model Explorer as document icons under the Model icon within the tree displayed within the Model Explorer. The picture below shows a set of three Pages for a Model called, 'My Model'.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "frmModelExplorerPages.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\line 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Pages within a Model within the Model Explorer
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 To create an ORM Model in Boston you need at least one Page view over that Model.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 This chapter assumes that you have already created a Page for a Model and opened that Page to start creating an ORM Diagram.\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Adding_Model_Elements_to_a_Mod}{\*\bkmkend topic_Adding_Model_Elements_to_a_Mod}\s2\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Adding Model Elements to a Model
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 This chapter outlines how to add Model Elements to a Model.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 There are many ways to add a Model Element to a Page and Model:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li360\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 a) Using the Toolbox; 
\par \pard\fi0\li360\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 b) Using Shortcut Key combinations ({\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Shortcut_Key_Combinations" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Shortcut Key Combinations}}});
\par \pard\fi0\li360\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 c) Copying and Pasting Model Elements from another Page or Model ({\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Copying_and_Pasting_Model_Elem" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Copying and Pasting Model Elements}}}, {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Adding_a_Model_Element_to_one_" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Adding a Model Element to one Model from another Model}}})
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 For details on how to add a specific type of Model Element to a Page/Model, use the following links:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Adding_an_Entity_Type_to_a_Mod" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Adding an Entity Type to a Model and Page}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Adding_an_Value_Type_to_a_Mode" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Adding a Value Type to a Model and Page}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Adding_an_Fact_Type_to_a_Model" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Adding a Fact Type to a Model and Page}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Adding_an_Role_Constraint_to_a" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Adding a Role Constraint to a Model and Page}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Adding_an_Model_Note_to_a_Mode" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Adding a Model Note to a Model and Page}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Sub_chapter_2.1}{\*\bkmkend topic_Sub_chapter_2.1}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul The Toolbox
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The Toolbox is a form used within the Boston workbench to add Model Elements to a Page and Model.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The Toolbox contains a list of Model Elements that can be dragged from the Toolbox onto the canvas of a Page open for editing or onto other Model Elements within the Page.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 To open the Toolbox, follow the these steps:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure a Page is open for viewing within the Boston workbench
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Right-click on a blank area within the canvas of the Page, and select the [View]->[Toolbox] option within the context-menu that you are presented with
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Or...
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Select the [View]->[Toolboxes]->[Toolbox] menu option from within the set of menus at the top of the Boston workbench.
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The Toolbox will appear on the right hand side of the Boston workbench. The following is a picture of the Toolbox:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "frmToolbox.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The Toolbox\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Shortcut_Key_Combinations}{\*\bkmkend topic_Shortcut_Key_Combinations}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Shortcut Key Combinations
\par\keepn
{\fs12\v {\xe {Value Type}}{\xe {Internal Uniqueness Constraint}}}
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Model Elements can be added to a Page by use of Shortcut Key combinations depressed on the keyboard of your computer.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Other Shortcut Key combinations manipulate the Model Elements within the Page and the zooming of the Page itself.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The following table is a list of the Shortcut Key combinations that you can use to add Model Elements to a Page:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\trkeep\trkeepfollow\clwWidth0\clcbpat4\cellx1485\clwWidth0\clcbpat4\cellx7845\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 Shortcut Key Combination\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 Functionality / End Result\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\trkeep\trkeepfollow\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx1485\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx7845\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Ctrl + E\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Adds an Entity Type to the current Page\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\trkeep\trkeepfollow\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx1485\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx7845\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Ctrl + V\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Adds a Value Type to the current Page\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\trkeep\trkeepfollow\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx1485\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx7845\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 R\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 1. If an Entity Type is selected on the Page, adds a Fact Type with one Role (i.e. a Unary Fact Type) joined to that selected Entity Type
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl 
\line 2. If a Role of a Fact Type is selected and either an Entity Type, Value Type or Objectified Fact Type is also selected, selecting the [R] key automatically adds a Role to the Fact Type of the selected Role, joining the selected Entity Type / Value Type / Objectified Fact Type.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\trkeep\trkeepfollow\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx1485\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx7845\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0  [>] (Right Arrow)\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Moves the currently selected Model Element to the right\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\trkeep\trkeepfollow\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx1485\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx7845\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0  [<] (Left Arrow)\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Moves the currently selected Model Element to the left\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\trkeep\trkeepfollow\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx1485\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx7845\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0  [^] (Up Arrow)\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Moves the currently selected Model Element upwards\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\trkeep\trkeepfollow\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx1485\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx7845\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0  [V] (Down Arrow)\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Moves the currently selected Model Element downwards
\line \cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\trkeep\trkeepfollow\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx1485\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx7845\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 U\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 1.When a Role is selected within a Fact Type, adds an Internal Uniqueness Constraint to the Role / Fact Type over the selected Role
\line \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 NB\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  An Internal Uniqueness Constraint spanning one Role must be valid for the Fact Type, otherwise no Uniqueness Constraint is added.
\line 
\line 2. If more than one Role is selected within a Fact Type, adds an Internal Uniqueness Constraint spanning the Roles selected.
\line \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 NB\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  The span of the desired Internal Uniqueness Constraint must be valid for the Fact Type, otherwise no Uniqueness Constraint is added.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\trkeep\trkeepfollow\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx1485\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx7845\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 P\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Opens the Properties Toolbox\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\trkeep\trkeepfollow\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx1485\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx7845\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 M\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Adds a Mandatory Constraint to a selected Role within a Fact Type\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\trkeep\trkeepfollow\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx1485\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx7845\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 G\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Adds a Ring Constraint to the set of selected Roles.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 NB\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  More than one Role must be selected, and a Ring Constraint must be valid for the selected Roles.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\trkeep\trkeepfollow\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx1485\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx7845\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 O\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Adds an Exclusive-OR Constraint to the set of selected Roles.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\trkeep\trkeepfollow\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx1485\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx7845\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 [+] (Add button)\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Zooms the Page in\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\trkeep\trkeepfollow\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx1485\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx7845\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 [-] (Subtract button)\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Zooms the Page out\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\trkeep\trkeepfollow\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx1485\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx7845\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 E\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Adds an Equality Constraint to the set of selected Roles\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\trkeep\trkeepfollow\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx1485\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx7845\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 S\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Adds a Subtype Relationship to the set of two selected Object Types.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\trkeep\trkeepfollow\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx1485\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx7845\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 T\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Creates a Total Internal Uniqueness Constraint for the selected Fact Type\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\trkeep\trkeepfollow\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx1485\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx7845\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 X\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Adds an External Exclusion Constraint to the set of selected Roles\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\trkeep\trkeepfollow\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx1485\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx7845\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Alt + X\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Adds an Exclusive-OR Constraint to the set of selected Roles\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Adding_an_Entity_Type_to_a_Mod}{\*\bkmkend topic_Adding_an_Entity_Type_to_a_Mod}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Adding an Entity Type to a Model and Page
\par\keepn
{\fs12\v {\xe {Entity Type}}}
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 There are four ways to add an Entity Type to a Model and Page.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Dragging an Entity Type from the Toolbox;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Using a Shortcut Key Combination;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Pasting an Entity Type from another Model;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 4.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Dragging an Entity Type from within the Model Dictionary;
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs22\cf0 Dragging an Entity Type from the Toolbox
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 To add a new Entity Type to a Model and Page from the Toolbox, follow the following steps:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 1. Make sure that you have a Page open for the Model that you are working with within the Workbench;
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 2. Make sure that the Toolbox is visible on the right hand side of the Workbench;
\par \pard\fi0\li360\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 a. If the Toolbox isn't visible on the right hand side of the Workbench, right-click on the canvas of a Page and select [View]->[Toolbox] within the context menu that is presented to you.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 3. Drag the Entity Type shape from the Toolbox onto a blank area of the canvas of the Page that you are working on within the Workbench.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs22\cf0 Using a Shortcut Key Combination
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 1. Make sure that you have a Page open for the Model that you are working with within the Workbench;
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 2. Press the following key combination on your keyboard:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \tab 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \tab [Ctrl] + [E]
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs22\cf0 Pasting an Entity Type from another Model
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 If you have copied an Entity Type to the clipboard from within another Model, the following steps outline how to paste that Entity Type to the current Model/Page:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure that you have a Page open for the Model that you are working with within the Workbench;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Select the [Edit]->[Paste] menu option from the main Boston menu.
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs22\cf0 Dragging an Entity Type from within the Model Dictionary
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure that you have a Page open for the Model that you are working with within the Workbench;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Open the Model Dictionary;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Navigate to the Entity Type that you would like to add to the current Page/Model;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 4.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Drag the Entity Type icon from the Model Dictionary to a blank area of the canvas of the open Page.
\line The Entity Type will be copied to the open Page.
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \par\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Adding_an_Value_Type_to_a_Mode}{\*\bkmkend topic_Adding_an_Value_Type_to_a_Mode}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Adding a Value Type to a Model and Page
\par\keepn
{\fs12\v {\xe {Value Type}}}
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 There are four ways to add an Value Type to a Model and Page.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Dragging an Value Type from the Toolbox;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Using a Shortcut Key Combination;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Pasting a Value Type from another Model;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 4.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Dragging a Value Type from within the Model Dictionary;
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs22\cf0 Dragging an Value Type from the Toolbox
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 To add a new Value Type to a Model and Page from the Toolbox, follow the following steps:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 1. Make sure that you have a Page open for the Model that you are working with within the Workbench;
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 2. Make sure that the Toolbox is visible on the right hand side of the Workbench;
\par \pard\fi0\li360\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 a. If the Toolbox isn't visible on the right hand side of the Workbench, right-click on the canvas of a Page and select [View]->[Toolbox] within the context menu that is presented to you.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 3. Drag the Value Type shape from the Toolbox onto a blank area of the canvas of the Page that you are working on within the Workbench.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs22\cf0 Using a Shortcut Key Combination
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 1. Make sure that you have a Page open for the Model that you are working with within the Workbench;
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 2. Press the following key combination on your keyboard:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \tab 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \tab [Ctrl] + [E]
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs22\cf0 Pasting an Value Type from another Model
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 If you have copied a Value Type to the clipboard from with another Model, the following steps outline how to paste that Value Type to the current Model/Page:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure that you have a Page open for the Model that you are working with within the Workbench;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Select the [Edit]->[Paste] menu option from the main Boston menu.
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs22\cf0 Dragging an Value Type from within the Model Dictionary
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure that you have a Page open for the Model that you are working with within the Workbench;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Open the Model Dictionary;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Navigate to the Value Type that you would like to add to the current Page/Model;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 4.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Drag the Value Type icon from the Model Dictionary to a blank area of the canvas of the open Page.
\line The Value Type will be copied to the open Page.\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Adding_an_Fact_Type_to_a_Model}{\*\bkmkend topic_Adding_an_Fact_Type_to_a_Model}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Adding a Fact Type to a Model and Page
\par\keepn
{\fs12\v {\xe {Fact Type}}}
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 There are four ways to add a Fact Type to a Model:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Dragging a Role from the Toolbox onto a Page or another Role
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Using a Shortcut Key Combination;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Pasting a Fact Type from another Model;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 4.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Dragging a Fact Type from within the Model Dictionary;
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs22\cf0 Dragging an Role from the Toolbox onto a Page or another Role
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 To add a new Fact Type to a Model and Page from the Toolbox, follow the steps in the following help topics:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Adding_a_Binary_Fact_Type_to_a" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Adding a Fact Type to a Model using the Toolbox}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Extending_a_Fact_Type_by_addin" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Extending a Fact Type by adding a Role}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs22\cf0 Using a Shortcut Key Combination
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 To add a new Fact Type to a Model using a Shortcut Key combination, follow the steps in the following help topic:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Adding_a_New_Fact_Type" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Adding a New Fact Type}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs22\cf0 Pasting an Fact Type from another Model
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 If you have copied a Fact Type to the clipboard from with another Model, the following steps outline how to paste that Fact Type to the current Model/Page:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure that you have a Page open for the Model that you are working with within the Workbench;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Select the [Edit]->[Paste] menu option from the main Boston menu.
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs22\cf0 Dragging an Fact Type from within the Model Dictionary
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure that you have a Page open for the Model that you are working with within the Workbench;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Open the Model Dictionary;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Navigate to the Fact Type that you would like to add to the current Page/Model;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 4.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Drag the Fact Type icon from the Model Dictionary to a blank area of the canvas of the open Page.
\line The Fact Type will be copied to the open Page.\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Adding_an_Role_Constraint_to_a}{\*\bkmkend topic_Adding_an_Role_Constraint_to_a}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Adding a Role Constraint to a Model and Page
\par\keepn
{\fs12\v {\xe {Role Constraint}}}
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 This chapter outlines how to add Role Constraints to a Model and Page. Focus is on External Role Constraints (i.e. all Role Constraints that are not an Internal Uniqueness Constraint)
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 NB\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  To add an Internal Uniqueness Constraint to a Fact Type, see the help topic: {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Adding_an_Internal_Uniqueness_" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Adding an Internal Uniqueness Constraint to a Fact Type}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 There are three ways to add a Role Constraint to a Model/Page:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Drag a Role Constraint from the Toolbox;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Use a Shortcut Key combination ({\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Shortcut_Key_Combinations" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Shortcut Key Combinations}}});
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Copy/Paste a Role Constraint from another Page and/or Model;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 4.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Drag a Role Constraint from the Model Dictionary onto a Page.\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Using_the_Toolbox_to_create_a2}{\*\bkmkend topic_Using_the_Toolbox_to_create_a2}\s4\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Using the Toolbox to create a new Role Constraint
\par\keepn
{\fs12\v {\xe {Role Constraint}}}
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The steps below outline how to create a new Role Constraint within a Model/Page by using the Toolbox.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The Toolbox contains 8 types of Role Constraints that can be added to a Model and Page:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Ring Constraints
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 External Uniqueness Constraints
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Equality Constraints
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 4.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Exclusion Constraints
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 5.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Inclusive-OR Constraints
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 6.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Exclusive-OR Constraints
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 7.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Subset Constraints
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 8.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Frequency Constraints
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Follow the steps below to use the Toolbox to add a new Role Constraint to a Page/Model:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure a Page is open for editing within the Boston workbench;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure the Toolbox is open within the Boston workbench;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Drag the type of Role Constraint that you would like to create within the Page/Model onto a blank area of the canvas of the open Page;
\line \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 NB\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  Frequency Constraints are the exception, and must be dragged and dropped onto the Role to which the Frequency Constraint applies.
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 4.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Drop the Role Constraint onto a blank area of the open Page;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 5.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The Role Constraint will be added to the Page/Model.
\line \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 NB\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  The new Role Constraint will not, at this stage, be allocated to apply to any specific Roles. See the links to instructions below for the steps to associate a Role Constraint with specific Roles.
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Once the new Role Constraint has been added to the Page/Model, you need to associate the Role Constraint to the Roles to which the Role Constraint applies.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The following links point to the help topics, for the specific type of Role Constraint, that outline how to associate a Role Constraint with specific Roles.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Ring Constraints - {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Assigning_Roles_to_a_Ring_Cons" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Assigning Roles to a Ring Constraint}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 External Uniqueness Constraints - {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Assigning_Roles_to_an_External" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Assigning Roles to an External Uniqueness Constraint}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Equality Constraints - {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Assigning_Roles_to_an_Equality" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Assigning Roles to an Equality Constraint}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Exclusion Constraints - {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Assigning_Roles_to_an_Exclusio" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Assigning Roles to an Exclusion Constraint}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Inclusive-OR Constraints - {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Assigning_Roles_to_an_Inclusiv" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Assigning Roles to an Inclusive-OR Constraint}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Exclusive-OR Constraints - {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Assigning_Roles_to_an_Exclusiv" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Assigning Roles to an Exclusive-OR Constraint}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Subset Constraints - {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Assigning_Roles_to_a_Subset_Co" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Assigning Roles to a Subset Constraint}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Frequency Constraints - N/A A Frequency Constraint is automatically allocated to a Role when the Frequency Constraint is created.\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Adding_an_Model_Note_to_a_Mode}{\*\bkmkend topic_Adding_an_Model_Note_to_a_Mode}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Adding a Model Note to a Model and Page
\par\keepn
{\fs12\v {\xe {Model Note}}}
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 To add a new Model Note to a Model and Page from the Toolbox, follow the following steps:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure that you have a Page open for the Model that you are working with within the Workbench;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure that the Toolbox is visible on the right hand side of the Workbench;
\plain\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 If the Toolbox isn't visible on the right hand side of the Workbench, right-click on the canvas of a Page and select [View]->[Toolbox] within the context menu that is presented to you.
\plain\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 4.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Drag the Model Node icon from the Toolbox onto a blank area of the canvas of the Page that you are working on within the Workbench.
\line A new Model Note will be added to the Page/Model.
\line \par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Working_with_Model_Elements}{\*\bkmkend topic_Working_with_Model_Elements}\s2\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Working with existing Model Elements
\par\keepn
{\fs12\v {\xe {Model Elements}}{\xe {Model Element}}{\xe {Value Type}}}
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Model Elements are those conceptual entities and associated text that provide the structure of an ORM Diagram and a Model.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 e.g. Entity Types, Value Types, Fact Types, Role Constraints and Model Notes are all Model Elements.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 In Boston, any shape or text that can be viewed within a Page is a Model Element. Model Elements are, in effect, the 'elements' that go into the construction of a Model.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Boston provides a convenient way to view the properties of any Model Element within a Page of a Model by viewing those properties within the Properties Toolbox (see {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_The_Properties_Toolbox" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul The Properties Toolbox}}} ).
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The help topic, {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Viewing_a_Model_Elements_Prope" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Viewing a Model Element's Properties}}}, outlines how to view the properties of a Model Element within the Properties Toolbox.\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Selecting_Model_Elements}{\*\bkmkend topic_Selecting_Model_Elements}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Selecting Model Elements
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following steps outline how to selected a Model Element within a Page:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 NB\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  The steps in this help topic apply to a Page that already has Model Elements on the Page. For steps on how to add Model Elements to a Page, see the help topic: {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Adding_Model_Elements_to_a_Mod" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Adding Model Elements to a Model}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure that a Page is open for editing within the Boston workbench;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 With your mouse, maneuver the mouse cursor over the Model Element that you would like to select;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Left-click on your mouse.
\line The Model Element that you have just selected will now have a blue outline.
\line 
\line The following picture shows the "Book" Model Element selected within a Model:
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "modelModelElementSelected.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 \par\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Selecting_Multiple_Model_Eleme}{\*\bkmkend topic_Selecting_Multiple_Model_Eleme}\s4\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Selecting Multiple Model Elements
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 There are two ways to select multiple Model Elements within a Page:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Clicking, [Ctrl] + Clicking on multiple Model Elements; and
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Dragging a lasso over multiple Model Elements
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs26\cf0 Selecting Multiple Model Elements - Clicking, [Ctrl] + Clicking
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 To select multiple Model Elements within a Page, follow the following steps:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Select the first Model Element following the steps above;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Hold down the [Ctrl] key on your keyboard, and select other Model Elements within the Page.
\line Each of the selected Model Elements will now have a bright blue outline.
\line 
\line The following picture shows the "Book" and "Language" Model Elements both selected.
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "modelMultipleModelElementsSelected.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs26\cf0 Dragging a Lasso over Multiple Model Elements
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 To select multiple Model Elements by dragging a lasso over the Model Elements, use the following steps:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Left-Click on any blank area in the canvas of the Page;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Drag a lasso over the Model Elements that you would like to select.
\line The image below shows a lasso dragged over a set of multiple Model Elements:
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "frmDiagramORMDragToSelect.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Release the left mouse button when you have finished selecting a set of Model Elements.
\line The selected multiple elements will have their border colour changed to bright blue or bright purple.
\line 
\line The image below shows a set of Model Elements selected by dragging a lasso over the Model Elements:
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "frmDiagramORMMultipleSelectedModelElements.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Viewing_a_Model_Elements_Prope}{\*\bkmkend topic_Viewing_a_Model_Elements_Prope}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Viewing a Model Element's Properties
\par\keepn
{\fs12\v {\xe {Model Element}}}
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 To view the properties of a Model Element within a Model (e.g. an Entity Type), open the Properties Toolbox and click on the Model Element. If the Properties Toolbox is already open on the workbench, simply click on the Model Element.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The following steps outline how to view a Model Element's properties within the Properties Toolbox:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure the Properties Toolbox is open on the Boston workbench
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Left-click on the Model Element within the Page that you are currently working with within the Boston workbench.
\line The properties of the Model Element will appear within the Properties Toolbox.
\line 
\line For example, the following picture shows the properties of the Fact Type, 'BookIsTranslatedToLanguage', displayed within the Properties Toolbox
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "frmPropertiesToolbox-SelectedFactType.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \par\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Copying_and_Pasting_Model_Elem}{\*\bkmkend topic_Copying_and_Pasting_Model_Elem}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Copying and Pasting Model Elements
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The help topics in this chapter outline how to Copy and Paste Model Elements between Pages.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Help topics include:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Copying_a_Model_Element" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Copying a Model Element}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Pasting_a_Model_Element" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Pasting a Model Element}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Copying_a_Model_Element}{\*\bkmkend topic_Copying_a_Model_Element}\s4\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Copying a Model Element
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following steps outline how to copy a Model Element to the clipboard:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Select the Model Element within the Page that you are working with within the Boston workbench;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 From the main Boston menu, select and open the [Edit] menu.
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "mnuMainEditMenu.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\line \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Select the [Copy] option.
\line The selected Model Elements will be copied to the clipboard.\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Pasting_a_Model_Element}{\*\bkmkend topic_Pasting_a_Model_Element}\s4\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Pasting a Model Element
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following steps outline how to paste Model Elements from the clipboard:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure that you have a Page open within the Boston workbench;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 From the main Boston menu, select and open the [Edit] menu.
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "mnuMainEditMenu.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\line \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Select the [Paste] option.
\line The Model Elements that are in the clipboard will be pasted to the Page open for editing within the Boston workbench.\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Removing_a_Model_Element_from_}{\*\bkmkend topic_Removing_a_Model_Element_from_}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Removing a Model Element from a Page
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 To remove a Model Element from a Page follow the steps below:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs26\cf0 Using the Context Menus for a Model Element to Remove Model Elements from a Page
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 NB\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  Not all Model Element types have a context menu. Right-click on a Model Element within a Page to see if it has a context menu.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 While editing a Page, right-click on the Model Element that you would like to remove from the Page
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 If the Model Element type has a context menu, it will open and be presented to you.
\line The picture below shows the context menu for a Fact Type
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "mnuFactType.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Select the menu option, [Remove from Page].
\line If no model error would occur if removing the Model Element, the Model Element will be removed from the Page.
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs26\cf0 Using the Keyboard to Remove Model Elements from a Page
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 NB\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  Most Model Elements are only removed from the Page (not the Model) when using the keyboard to remove the Model Element from a Page.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Select the Model Element that you would like to remove from the Page by right-clicking on the Model Element;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Depress the [Delete] key on your keyboard.
\line If no model error would occur if removing the Model Element, the Model Element will be removed from the Page.
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 NB\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  Roles within a Fact Type are deleted from the Page and the Model when using the keyboard to remove the Role from a Fact Type.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \par\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Removing_a_Model_Element_from2}{\*\bkmkend topic_Removing_a_Model_Element_from2}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Removing a Model Element from a Page and a Model
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 To remove a Model Element from a Page and Model follow the steps below:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs26\cf0 Using the Context Menus for a Model Element to Remove Model Elements from a Page and Model
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 NB\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  Not all Model Element types have a context menu. Right-click on a Model Element within a Page to see if it has a context menu.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 While editing a Page, right-click on the Model Element that you would like to remove from the Page and the Model
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 If the Model Element type has a context menu, it will open and be presented to you.
\line The picture below shows the context menu for a Fact Type
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "mnuFactType.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Select the menu option, [Remove from Page & Model].
\line If no model error would occur if removing the Model Element, the Model Element will be removed from the Page and the underlying Model.
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs26\cf0 Using the Keyboard to Remove Model Elements from a Page and Model
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 NB\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  Most Model Elements are only removed from the Page (not the Model) when using the keyboard to remove the Model Element from a Page.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Select the Model Element that you would like to remove from the Page and Model by right-clicking on the Model Element;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Depress the [Delete] key on your keyboard.
\line If no model error would occur if removing the Model Element, the Model Element will be removed from the Page and the underlying Model.
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \par\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Specific_Model_Element_Type_Ma}{\*\bkmkend topic_Specific_Model_Element_Type_Ma}\s2\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Specific Model Element Management
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 This chapter outlines the steps to follow when maintaining the types of Model Elements visible within an ORM Diagram on a Page, when editing that Page within the Boston workbench.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Model Elements are all logical grouping of things that you can see within an ORM Diagram displayed on a Page. For example, Value Types, Entity Types, Fact Types, Role Constraints and Model Notes are all Model Elements. The links between an External Role Constraint and the Roles they join to are Model Elements.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 NB\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  The line linking a Role to the Object Type that it joins to is considered a part of the Role, Model Element.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 All Model Elements within an ORM Model can be added and edited or deleted from within a Page being worked on within the Boston workbench.\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Managing_Value_Types}{\*\bkmkend topic_Managing_Value_Types}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Managing Value Types
\par\keepn
{\fs12\v {\xe {Value Type}}}
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Value Types are named lists of values. Value Types are relatively easy to maintain, requiring only definition of their Name, their Data Type and any Value Constraint that applies to the Value Type.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The help topics in this chapter outline how to maintain a Value Type.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Managing_Value_Type_Properties" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Managing Value Type Properties}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Managing_Value_Type_Properties}{\*\bkmkend topic_Managing_Value_Type_Properties}\s4\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Managing Value Type Properties
\par\keepn
{\fs12\v {\xe {Value Type}}}
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following steps outline how to view the properties of a Value Type:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure a Page containing an ORM Diagram containing a Value Type is open within the Boston workbench;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure the Properties Toolbox is open within the Boston workbench;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Left-click on the Value Type.
\line The Properties Toolbox will show the properties of the Value Type.
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "frmPropertiesToolboxValueType.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs26\cf0 Value Type Properties
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The following table outlines the properties of a Value Type and the data that should be entered for each property:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\trowd\trgaph38\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl15\trpaddt15\trpaddr15\trpaddb15\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl8\trspdr8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt8\trspdft3\trspdb8\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx1912\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx7808\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\cbpat4\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 Property\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\cbpat4\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 Description and Data Requirements\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph38\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl15\trpaddt15\trpaddr15\trpaddb15\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl8\trspdr8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt8\trspdft3\trspdb8\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx1912\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx7808\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Name\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The name of the Value Type. Enter a name that is unique amongst all Value Types, Entity Types, Fact Types and Role Constraints.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph38\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl15\trpaddt15\trpaddr15\trpaddb15\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl8\trspdr8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt8\trspdft3\trspdb8\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx1912\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx7808\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 DataType\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The data type of the elements of the list of values of the Value Type.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph38\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl15\trpaddt15\trpaddr15\trpaddb15\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl8\trspdr8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt8\trspdft3\trspdb8\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx1912\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx7808\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 DataTypeLength / DataTypePrecision\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 If the DataType of the Value Type requires more precision in the definition of the data type, this property will appear. Enter the appropriate precision for the DataType.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph38\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl15\trpaddt15\trpaddr15\trpaddb15\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl8\trspdr8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt8\trspdft3\trspdb8\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx1912\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx7808\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 ValueConstraint\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 If the Value Type has a Value Constraint edit the values in the collection of this property.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph38\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl15\trpaddt15\trpaddr15\trpaddb15\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl8\trspdr8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt8\trspdft3\trspdb8\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx1912\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx7808\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 ShortDescription\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 A short description of the Value Type.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph38\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl15\trpaddt15\trpaddr15\trpaddb15\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl8\trspdr8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt8\trspdft3\trspdb8\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx1912\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx7808\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 LongDescription\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 A long description of the Value Type.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Managing_Value_Constraints}{\*\bkmkend topic_Managing_Value_Constraints}\s4\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Managing Value Constraints
\par\keepn
{\fs12\v {\xe {Value Type}}{\xe {Reference Mode}}}
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 This chapter outlines how to maintain Value Constraints for a Value Type.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Help topics include:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Adding_Value_Constraints_to_a_" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Adding Value Constraints to a Value Type}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs26\cf0 Value Constraints
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Value Constraints have three main types:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Enumerations
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Value Ranges
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Multiple Combinations of Enumerations and/or Value Ranges
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs22\cf0 Enumerations
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 An Enumerated Value Constraint lists the discrete Values that are valid for a Value Type.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The picture below shows an Enumerated Value Constraint for the Value Type, 'SexCode', which in this instance forms the Reference Mode for the Entity Type, 'Sex'.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The discrete values are 'M' for Male and 'F' for Female.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "modelValueConstraintEnumerationMaleFemale.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Enumerated Value Constraint
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs22\cf0 Value Ranges
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 A Value Constraint may constrain a Value Type to a range of values.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The picture below shows a Value Constraint Range for the Value Type, 'LowercaseChar', limiting the values to the letters 'a' through 'z'.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "modelValueConstraintRangeLowercaseChar.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Value Constraint Range
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs22\cf0 Multiple Value Constraints
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 A Value Type may have multiple Value Constraints.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The picture below shows a Value Type, 'WheelCount' (e.g. the number of wheels on a vehicle), with values limited in the ranges, 2..4 and 16..18
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "modelValueConstraintMultipleWheelCount.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Multiple Value Constraints\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Adding_Value_Constraints_to_a_}{\*\bkmkend topic_Adding_Value_Constraints_to_a_}\s5\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Adding Value Constraints to a Value Type
\par\keepn
{\fs12\v {\xe {Value Type}}}
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following steps outline how to add a Value Constraint to a Value Type:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure the Properties Toolbox is open within the Boston workbench
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Select the Value Type that you would like to add a Value Constraint to;
\line The Properties Toolbox will now show the properties of the Value Type:
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "frmPropertiesToolboxValueConstraintWheelCount.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\line \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Within the Properties Toolbox, select the ValueConstraint property;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 4.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Click on the ellipsis (\plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "frmPropertiesToolboxValueConstraintElipsis.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}) \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 icon within the ValueContraint property.
\line The Value Constraint editor (String Collection Editor) will appear.
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 5.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Select the [Add] button. A new Value Constraint member will appear:
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "frmPropertiesToolboxValueConstraintAddNewConstraint.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\line \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 6.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Change the Value in the 'String properties' area:
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 
\line {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "frmPropertiesToolboxValueConstraintAddingNewConstraint.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\line \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 7.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 When you have finished modifying the 'Value' property for the new Value Constraint, press the [Enter] key on your keyboard.
\line The new Value Constraint will appear under the 'Members' area of the Value Constraint editor.
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "frmPropertiesToolboxValueConstraintAddedNewConstraint.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\line \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Managing_Entity_Types}{\*\bkmkend topic_Managing_Entity_Types}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Managing Entity Types
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 This chapter outlines how to manage Entity Types within a Page that you have open for editing.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Help topics include:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Managing_Entity_Type_Propertie" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Managing Entity Type Properties}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Managing_Entity_Type_Propertie}{\*\bkmkend topic_Managing_Entity_Type_Propertie}\s4\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Managing Entity Type Properties
\par\keepn
{\fs12\v {\xe {Reference Mode}}{\xe {Compound Reference Scheme}}}
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following steps outline how to view the properties of a Entity Type:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure a Page containing an ORM Diagram containing a Entity Type is open within the Boston workbench;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure the Properties Toolbox is open within the Boston workbench;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Left-click on the Entity Type.
\line The Properties Toolbox will show the properties of the Entity Type.
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "frmPropertiesToolboxEntityType.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs26\cf0 Entity Type Properties
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The following table outlines the properties of a Entity Type and the data that should be entered for each property:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\trowd\trgaph38\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl15\trpaddt15\trpaddr15\trpaddb15\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl8\trspdr8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt8\trspdft3\trspdb8\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx1912\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx7808\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\cbpat4\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 Property\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\cbpat4\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 Description and Data Requirements\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph38\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl15\trpaddt15\trpaddr15\trpaddb15\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl8\trspdr8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt8\trspdft3\trspdb8\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx1912\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx7808\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Name\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The name of the Entity Type. Enter a name that is unique amongst all Entity Types, Value Types, Fact Types and Role Constraints.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph38\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl15\trpaddt15\trpaddr15\trpaddb15\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl8\trspdr8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt8\trspdft3\trspdb8\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx1912\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx7808\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 DataType\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The Data Type of the Value Type of the Reference Scheme of the Entity Type, if the Entity Type does not have a Compound Reference Scheme.
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 NB\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  This property is only displayed for editing if the Entity Type's 'ReferenceMode' property is not blanck.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph38\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl15\trpaddt15\trpaddr15\trpaddb15\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl8\trspdr8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt8\trspdft3\trspdb8\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx1912\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx7808\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 DataTypeLength / DataTypePrecision\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 If the DataType of the Value Type of the Entity Type's Reference Scheme (Entity Types without a Compound Reference Scheme only) requires more precision in the definition of the data type, this property will appear. Enter the appropriate precision for the DataType.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph38\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl15\trpaddt15\trpaddr15\trpaddb15\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl8\trspdr8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt8\trspdft3\trspdb8\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx1912\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx7808\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 ExpandReferenceMode\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 If the EntityType does not have a Compound Reference Scheme (i.e. the ReferenceMode property of the Entity Type is not blank), setting this property value to True will expand the Reference Mode of the Entity Type so that the associated Fact Type and Value Type are visible within the current Page. Setting the value to False will hide the Reference Mode/Scheme of the Entity Type.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph38\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl15\trpaddt15\trpaddr15\trpaddb15\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl8\trspdr8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt8\trspdft3\trspdb8\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx1912\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx7808\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 ReferenceMode\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 If the Entity Type does not have a Compound Reference Scheme, but has a Reference Mode, this property displays the Reference Mode for the Entity Type.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph38\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl15\trpaddt15\trpaddr15\trpaddb15\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl8\trspdr8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt8\trspdft3\trspdb8\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx1912\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx7808\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 ValueConstraint\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 If the Entity Type has a Value Constraint edit the values in the collection of this property.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph38\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl15\trpaddt15\trpaddr15\trpaddb15\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl8\trspdr8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt8\trspdft3\trspdb8\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx1912\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx7808\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 ShortDescription\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 A short description of the Entity Type.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph38\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl15\trpaddt15\trpaddr15\trpaddb15\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl8\trspdr8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt8\trspdft3\trspdb8\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx1912\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx7808\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 LongDescription\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 A long description of the Entity Type.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \par\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Managing_Subtype_Relationships}{\*\bkmkend topic_Managing_Subtype_Relationships}\s4\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Managing Subtype Relationships
\par\keepn
{\fs12\v {\xe {Subtype Relationship}}}
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 This chapter outlines how to manage Subtype Relationships.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Help topics include:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Setting_Inclusive-OR_Subtype_C" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Setting Inclusive-OR Subtype Constraints}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Setting_Exclusive-OR_Subtype_C" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Setting Exclusive-OR Subtype Constraints}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Setting_Inclusive-OR_Subtype_C}{\*\bkmkend topic_Setting_Inclusive-OR_Subtype_C}\s5\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Setting Inclusive-OR Subtype Constraints
\par\keepn
{\fs12\v {\xe {Subtype Relationship}}}
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following steps outline how to create Inclusive-OR Subtype Constraints.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure you have an ORM Diagram with more than one Object Type as the Subtype of the same Object Type;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Drag an Inclusive-OR Role Constraint from the Toolbox onto the Page;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 From just inside the outer edge of the Role Constraint, drag a connecting link from the Role Constraint to the Subtype Relationship link of the first Subtype Relationship;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 4.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 From just inside the outer edge of the Role Constraint, drag a connecting link from the Role Constraint to the Subtype Relationship link of the other Subtype Relationship that you would like included in the Inclusive-OR Subtype Constraint.
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \par\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Setting_Exclusive-OR_Subtype_C}{\*\bkmkend topic_Setting_Exclusive-OR_Subtype_C}\s5\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Setting Exclusive-OR Subtype Constraints
\par\keepn
{\fs12\v {\xe {Subtype Relationship}}}
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following steps outline how to create Exclusive-OR Subtype Constraints.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure you have an ORM Diagram with more than one Object Type as the Subtype of the same Object Type;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Drag an Exclusive-OR Role Constraint from the Toolbox onto the Page;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 From just inside the outer edge of the Role Constraint, drag a connecting link from the Role Constraint to the Subtype Relationship link of the first Subtype Relationship;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 4.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 From just inside the outer edge of the Role Constraint, drag a connecting link from the Role Constraint to the Subtype Relationship link of the other Subtype Relationship that you would like included in the Exclusive-OR Subtype Constraint.\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Managing_Fact_Types}{\*\bkmkend topic_Managing_Fact_Types}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Managing Fact Types
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 This chapter outlines how to manage Fact Types within a Page open for editing within the Boston workbench.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Help topics include:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Managing_Fact_Type_Properties" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Managing Fact Type Properties}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Managing_Fact_Type_Properties}{\*\bkmkend topic_Managing_Fact_Type_Properties}\s4\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Managing Fact Type Properties
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following steps outline how to view the properties of a Fact Type:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure a Page containing an ORM Diagram containing a Fact Type is open within the Boston workbench;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure the Properties Toolbox is open within the Boston workbench;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Left-click on the Fact Type.
\line The Properties Toolbox will show the properties of the Fact Type.
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "frmPropertiesToolboxFactType.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs26\cf0 Fact Type Properties
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The following table outlines the properties of a Fact Type and the data that should be entered for each property:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\trowd\trgaph38\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl15\trpaddt15\trpaddr15\trpaddb15\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl8\trspdr8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt8\trspdft3\trspdb8\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx1912\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx7808\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\cbpat4\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 Property\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\cbpat4\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 Description and Data Requirements\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph38\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl15\trpaddt15\trpaddr15\trpaddb15\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl8\trspdr8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt8\trspdft3\trspdb8\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx1912\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx7808\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Name\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The name of the Fact Type. Enter a name that is unique amongst all Fact Types, Entity Types, Value Types and Role Constraints.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph38\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl15\trpaddt15\trpaddr15\trpaddb15\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl8\trspdr8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt8\trspdft3\trspdb8\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx1912\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx7808\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 IsObjectified\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Set this property to True to Objectify the Fact Type.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl If the Fact Type is already Objectified, setting this property to False will change the Fact Type so that it is no longer Objectified.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph38\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl15\trpaddt15\trpaddr15\trpaddb15\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl8\trspdr8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt8\trspdft3\trspdb8\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx1912\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx7808\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 ShowFactTypeName\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Set this property to True to show the name of the Fact Type on the Page.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph38\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl15\trpaddt15\trpaddr15\trpaddb15\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl8\trspdr8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt8\trspdft3\trspdb8\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx1912\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx7808\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 ShortDescription\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 A short description of the Fact Type.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph38\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl15\trpaddt15\trpaddr15\trpaddb15\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl8\trspdr8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt8\trspdft3\trspdb8\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx1912\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx7808\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 LongDescription\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 A long description of the Fact Type.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \par\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Adding_a_New_Fact_Type}{\*\bkmkend topic_Adding_a_New_Fact_Type}\s4\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Adding a New Fact Type
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following help topics outline how to add a new Fact Type to a Model.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs26\cf0 Using the keyboard to add a new Fact Type to a Model
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The quickest and easiest way to add a new Fact Type to a Model is to use the keyboard.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The following steps outline how to add a new Fact Type to a Model using the keyboard:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs22\cf0 Adding a Unary Fact Type to a Model
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Select the Object Type to which you would like to add a Unary Fact Type;
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "modelPerson.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\line \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Press the [R] key on your keyboard.
\line A new Fact Type with a single Role will be added to the selected Object Type
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "modelPersonUnaryFactType.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Adding_a_Binary_Fact_Type_to_a}{\*\bkmkend topic_Adding_a_Binary_Fact_Type_to_a}\s5\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Adding a Fact Type to a Model using the Toolbox
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following steps outline how to create a new Fact Type within a Model using the Toolbox.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure the Toolbox is open within the Boston workbench;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Select and drag the 'Role' icon from the Toolbox onto a blank are of the Page's canvas.
\line You will be presented with the 'New Role' dialog box.
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "frmRoleInstance.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\line 
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Enter the desired name of the Fact Type;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 4.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Enter the name of the Role (if you would like the Role to have a name);
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 5.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Check the 'Mandatory Role' checkbox if you would like the Role to be mandatory;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 6.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Within the 'Joins' groupbox, do the following:
\line 
\line Select either 'Entity Type', 'Value Type', 'Nested Fact Type' to select the Object Type that you would like the new Role to join to.
\line 
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 7.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Select the Object Type, within the dropdown list, that you would like the Role to join to.
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 8.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Click on [Ok] to create the Fact Type and Role;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 9.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 A new Fact Type with the attributes you have chosen will be created within the Model and Page, and joined to the Object Type that you selected.
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "modelPersonUnaryFactType.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \par\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Extending_a_Fact_Type_by_addin}{\*\bkmkend topic_Extending_a_Fact_Type_by_addin}\s5\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Extending a Fact Type by adding a Role
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following steps outline how to extend a Fact Type by adding a Role.
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 NB\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  The quickest and easiest way to extend a Fact Type by adding a Role is to use the keyboard. To use the Toolbox, follow the steps in this help topic: {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Using_the_Toolbox_to_extending" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Using the Toolbox to extend a Fact Type by adding a Role}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs26\cf0 Using the keyboard to extend a Fact Type by adding a Role
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 By far the easiest way to extend a Fact Type by adding a Role, is to use the keyboard.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The following steps outline how to extend a Fact Type by adding a Role:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Select the last Role in the Fact Type
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Select the Object Type that you would like the new Role within the Fact Type to join to;
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "modelPersonDrivesCarExtendingAFactType.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\line \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Press the [R] button on your keyboard.
\line The new Role will be added to the Fact Type and joined to the Object Type that you have selected.
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "modelPersonDrivesCarNewFactType.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \par\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Using_the_Toolbox_to_extending}{\*\bkmkend topic_Using_the_Toolbox_to_extending}\s6\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Using the Toolbox to extend a Fact Type by adding a Role
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following steps outline how to use the Toolbox to extend a Fact Type by adding a Role:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure the Toolbox is open within the Boston workbench;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Drag the 'Role' icon from within the Toolbox to the last Role within the Fact Type that you would like to extend;
\line The Role will appear with a brown outline when you have dragged over the Role.
\line 
\line  \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "modelPersonDrivesCarUnaryFactTypeBrownSelectedRole.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\line 
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Release the left mouse button.
\line You will be presented with the 'New Role' dialog box.
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "frmRoleInstancePersonDrivesCar.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\line 
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 4.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Enter the desired name of the Fact Type, if you would like to change the name of the Fact Type;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 5.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Enter the name of the Role (if you would like the Role to have a name);
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 6.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Check the 'Mandatory Role' checkbox if you would like the Role to be mandatory;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 7.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Within the 'Joins' groupbox, do the following:
\line 
\line Select either 'Entity Type', 'Value Type', 'Nested Fact Type' to select the Object Type that you would like the new Role to join to.
\line 
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 8.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Select the Object Type, within the dropdown list, that you would like the Role to join to.
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 9.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Click on [Ok] to create the Fact Type and Role;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 10.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 A new Role will be added to the Fact Type that you have just extended, and that Role joined to the Object Type that you selected.
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "modelPersonDrivesCarBasic.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \par\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Adding_Fact_Type_Readings_to_a}{\*\bkmkend topic_Adding_Fact_Type_Readings_to_a}\s4\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Adding Fact Type Readings to a Fact Type
\par\keepn
{\fs12\v {\xe {Fact Type Reading}}}
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Fact Type Readings are added, edited and removed from Fact Types using the Fact Type Reading editor.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_The_Fact_Type_Reading" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul The Fact Type Reading Editor}}} help topic outlines how to add, edit and remove Fact Type Readings for a Fact Type.\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Adding_an_Internal_Uniqueness_}{\*\bkmkend topic_Adding_an_Internal_Uniqueness_}\s4\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Adding an Internal Uniqueness Constraint to a Fact Type
\par\keepn
{\fs12\v {\xe {Internal Uniqueness Constraint}}}
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following steps outline how to add an Internal Uniqueness Constraint to a Fact Type.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Select the Roles that the Internal Uniqueness Constraint will span;
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 NB\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  Shortcut - At this step, press the [U] button on your keyboard and the Internal Uniqueness Constraint will be created.
\line 
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Right-click on a selected Role.
\line You will be presented with the Role context menu.
\line 
\line  \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "mnuRole.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Select the [Add Uniqueness Constraint] menu option.
\line The Internal Uniqueness Constraint will be added to the Fact Type.
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "modelPersonDrivesCarOneInternalUnniquenessConstraint.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\line \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \par\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Internal_Uniqueness_Constraint}{\*\bkmkend topic_Internal_Uniqueness_Constraint}\s5\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Internal Uniqueness Constraints spanning multiple Roles
\par\keepn
{\fs12\v {\xe {Internal Uniqueness Constraint}}}
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following steps outline how to add an Internal Uniqueness Constraint to a Fact Type.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Select the Roles that the Internal Uniqueness Constraint will span;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Right-click on a selected Role.
\line You will be presented with the Role context menu.
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "mnuRoleMultipleRolesSelected.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\line \plain \f1\fs20\cf0  
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Select the [Add Uniqueness Constraint] menu option.
\line The Internal Uniqueness Constraint will be added to the Fact Type.
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "modelPersonDrivesCarTotalInternalUniquenessConstraint.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Viewing_the_Fact_Table_of_a_Fa}{\*\bkmkend topic_Viewing_the_Fact_Table_of_a_Fa}\s4\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Viewing the Fact Table of a Fact Type
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following steps outline how to display the Fact Table for a Fact Type.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Select the Fact Type for which you would like to view the Fact Table;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Right-click on the selected Fact Type.
\line You will be presented with the Fact Type context menu.
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "mnuFactType.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Select the [View Fact Table] menu option.
\line The Fact Table for the Fact Type will be displayed below the Fact Type:
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "modelFrequencyConstraintsFactTable.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Adding_Facts_to_a_Fact_Type}{\*\bkmkend topic_Adding_Facts_to_a_Fact_Type}\s4\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Adding Sample Populations / Facts to a Fact Type
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following steps outline how to add a Sample Population to a Fact Type.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure the Fact Table is visible for the Fact Type
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Right-click on the Fact Table.
\line You will be presented with the Fact Table context menu:
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "mnuFactTable.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Select the [Add Row/Fact] menu option.
\line A new Sample Population / Fact will be added to the Fact Type.
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "modelPersonDrivesCarNewFact.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 4.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Click on the individual Sample Population Data items to edit their value.
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "modelPersonDrivesCarEditFactData.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 5.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Press [Enter] when you have finished editing a Sample Population Data item.
\line The Fact Table now shows the Sample Population for the Fact Type.
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "modelPersonDrivesCarOneFact.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Objectifying_a_Fact_Type}{\*\bkmkend topic_Objectifying_a_Fact_Type}\s4\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Objectifying a Fact Type
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following steps outline how to objectify a Fact Type:
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 NB\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  Fact Types may only be objectified if they have a Total Internal Uniqueness Constraint or an Internal Uniqueness Constraint that spans one less Role than the total number of Roles within the Fact Type.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 NB\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  If the Fact Type has no extant Internal Uniqueness Constraint when you objectify the Fact Type, a Total Internal Uniqueness Constraint will be created automatically for the Fact Type.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Select (left-click) the Fact Type that you would like to objectify within the Page that you are working with, within the Boston workbench;
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "modelObjectifyingFactTypeUniversitySubjectYearSemester.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\line \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Right-Click on the Fact Type.
\line You will be presented with the Fact Type context menu.
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "modelObjectifyingFactTypeUniversitySubjectYearSemesterSelected.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\line \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Select the option, [Is Objectified]
\line 
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 4.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The Fact Type will be objectified.
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "modelObjectifiedFactTypeUniversitySubjectYearSemester1.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 NB\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  Once a Fact Type is objectified, Roles from other Fact Types may join to that Objectified Fact Type.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "modelObjectifiedFactTypeUniversitySubjectYearSemester.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\line An Objectified Fact Type with a joining Role from another Fact Type
\line \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 
\line \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \par\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Managing_Role_Constraints}{\*\bkmkend topic_Managing_Role_Constraints}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Managing Role Constraints
\par\keepn
{\fs12\v {\xe {Role Constraint}}}
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 This chapter outlines how to manage Role Constraints.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Help topics include:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Managing_Role_Constraint_Prope" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Managing Role Constraint Properties}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs26\cf0 Role Constraints
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Role Constraints constrain the values that may appear within the object holes of predicates, or Fact Types.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 For instance, the following ORM Diagram has two Fact Types, 'PersonHasFisrtName' and 'PersonHasLastName'. The External Uniqueness constraint which links to Roles of those Fact Types constrains the values of FistName and LastName of a Person entity to being unique amongst all entities within the Universe of Discourse (UoD).
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "modelPersonExternalUniquenessConstraint.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 An External Uniqueness Constraint
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \par\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Managing_Role_Constraint_Prope}{\*\bkmkend topic_Managing_Role_Constraint_Prope}\s4\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Managing Role Constraint Properties
\par\keepn
{\fs12\v {\xe {Role Constraint}}}
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following steps outline how to view the properties of a Role Constraint:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure a Page containing an ORM Diagram containing a Role Constraint is open within the Boston workbench;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure the Properties Toolbox is open within the Boston workbench;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Left-click on the Role Constraint.
\line The Properties Toolbox will show the properties of the Role Constraint.
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "frmPropertiesToolboxInternalUniquenessConstraint.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs26\cf0 Role Constraint Properties
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The following table outlines the properties of a Role Constraint and the data that should be entered for each property:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\trowd\trgaph38\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl15\trpaddt15\trpaddr15\trpaddb15\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl8\trspdr8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt8\trspdft3\trspdb8\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx1912\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx7808\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\cbpat4\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 Property\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\cbpat4\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 Description and Data Requirements\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph38\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl15\trpaddt15\trpaddr15\trpaddb15\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl8\trspdr8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt8\trspdft3\trspdb8\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx1912\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx7808\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Name\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The name of the Role Constraint. Enter a name that is unique amongst all Role Constraints, Entity Types, Fact Types and Role Constraints.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph38\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl15\trpaddt15\trpaddr15\trpaddb15\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl8\trspdr8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt8\trspdft3\trspdb8\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx1912\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx7808\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 RoleConstraintType\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Displays the type of the Role Constraint. This value cannot be changed.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph38\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl15\trpaddt15\trpaddr15\trpaddb15\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl8\trspdr8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt8\trspdft3\trspdb8\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx1912\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx7808\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 RingConstraintType\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Displays the type of Ring Constraint if the Role Constraint is a Ring Constraint (i.e. if the Role Constraint has a RoleConstraintType of, 'RingConstraint').
\line 
\line You can change this value to the type of Ring Constraint that you would like the selected Role Constraint to be.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 NB\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  RingConstraintType is not shown in the picture above.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph38\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl15\trpaddt15\trpaddr15\trpaddb15\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl8\trspdr8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt8\trspdft3\trspdb8\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx1912\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx7808\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 IsDeontic\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Setting this property to True will make the Role Constraint a deontic Role Constraint.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl A value of False in this property means that the Role Constraint is alethic.
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 NB\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  All Role Constraints are alethic when first created.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph38\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl15\trpaddt15\trpaddr15\trpaddb15\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl8\trspdr8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt8\trspdft3\trspdb8\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx1912\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx7808\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 ShortDescription\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 A short description of the Role Constraint.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph38\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl15\trpaddt15\trpaddr15\trpaddb15\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl8\trspdr8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt8\trspdft3\trspdb8\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx1912\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx7808\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 LongDescription\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 A long description of the Role Constraint.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \par\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Managing_Internal_Uniqueness_C}{\*\bkmkend topic_Managing_Internal_Uniqueness_C}\s4\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Managing Internal Uniqueness Constraints
\par\keepn
{\fs12\v {\xe {Internal Uniqueness Constraint}}}
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Internal Uniqueness Constraints constrain the uniqueness of data values for a Fact Type.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Internal Uniqueness Constraints can be added and removed from Fact Types, but not edited.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The following help topics outline how to add and remove Internal Uniqueness Constraints to/from a Fact Type:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Adding_an_Internal_Uniqueness_" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Adding an Internal Uniqueness Constraint to a Fact Type}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Removing_an_Internal_Uniquenes" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Removing an Internal Uniqueness Constraint}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Removing_an_Internal_Uniquenes}{\*\bkmkend topic_Removing_an_Internal_Uniquenes}\s5\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Removing an Internal Uniqueness Constraint
\par\keepn
{\fs12\v {\xe {Internal Uniqueness Constraint}}}
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The steps below outline how to remove an Internal Uniqueness Constraint from a Page and Model.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 NB\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  You cannot remove an Internal Uniqueness Constraint from a Page without removing the Internal Uniqueness Constraint from the underlying Model.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Select the Internal Uniqueness Constraint by left-clicking on the constraint;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Right-click on the Internal Uniqueness Constraint once it has been selected;
\line You will be presented with the Internal Uniqueness Constraint context menu.
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Select the [Remove from Page & Model] menu option from the Internal Uniqueness Constraint context menu.
\line The Internal Uniqueness Constraint will be removed from the Page and Model.\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Managing_Ring_Constraints}{\*\bkmkend topic_Managing_Ring_Constraints}\s4\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Managing Ring Constraints
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 This chapter outlines how to manage Ring Constraints.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Help topics include:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Assigning_Roles_to_a_Ring_Cons" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Assigning Roles to a Ring Constraint}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \par\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Assigning_Roles_to_a_Ring_Cons}{\*\bkmkend topic_Assigning_Roles_to_a_Ring_Cons}\s5\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Assigning Roles to a Ring Constraint
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following steps outline how to assign Roles to a Ring Constraint.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure that the Page that you are editing has at least one Fact Types within the Page;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Add a new Ring Constraint to the Page by dragging the Ring Constraint icon from the Toolbox;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 From just inside the border of the Ring Constraint, drag a link to one of the Roles of the first Fact Type;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 4.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 From just inside the border of the Ring Constraint, drag a link to the other Role of the same Fact Type;
\line The Ring Constraint is complete with Role allocation.\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Managing_External_Uniqueness_C}{\*\bkmkend topic_Managing_External_Uniqueness_C}\s4\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Managing External Uniqueness Constraints
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 This chapter outlines how to manage External Uniqueness Constraints.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Help topics include:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Assigning_Roles_to_an_External" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Assigning Roles to an External Uniqueness Constraint}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Assigning_Roles_to_an_External}{\*\bkmkend topic_Assigning_Roles_to_an_External}\s5\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Assigning Roles to an External Uniqueness Constraint
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following steps outline how to assign Roles to an External Uniqueness Constraint.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs22\cf0 Steps to assign Roles to an External Uniqueness Constraint
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure that the Page that you are editing has at least two Fact Types within the Page;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Add a new External Uniqueness Constraint to the Page by dragging the External Uniqueness Constraint icon from the Toolbox;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 From just inside the border of the External Uniqueness Constraint, drag a link to the first Role in the set;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 4.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 For each other Role that you would like to include in the set:
\line - From just inside the border of the External Uniqueness Constraint, drag a link to that Role.
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 NB\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  An External Uniqueness Constraint must span at least 2 Roles.\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Managing_Equality_Constraints}{\*\bkmkend topic_Managing_Equality_Constraints}\s4\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Managing Equality Constraints
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 This chapter outlines how to manage Equality Constraints.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Help topics include:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Assigning_Roles_to_an_Equality" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Assigning Roles to an Equality Constraint}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Assigning_Roles_to_an_Equality}{\*\bkmkend topic_Assigning_Roles_to_an_Equality}\s5\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Assigning Roles to an Equality Constraint
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following steps outline how to assign Roles to an Equality Constraint.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 NB\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  Equality Constraints can only be assigned to a set of Roles that are compatible and where compatible means the following for an Equality Constraint:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 - All Roles in the set are hosted by the same Object Type or Supertypes/Subtypes of that Object Type
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs22\cf0 Steps to assign Roles to an Equality Constraint
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure that the Page that you are editing has at least two Fact Types within the Page;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Add a new Equality Constraint to the Page by dragging the Equality Constraint icon from the Toolbox;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 From just inside the border of the Equality Constraint, drag a link to the first Role in the set;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 4.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 For each other Role that you would like to include in the set:
\line - From just inside the border of the Equality Constraint, drag a link to that Role.
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 NB\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  An Equality Constraint must span at least 2 Roles.\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Managing_Exlusion_Constraints}{\*\bkmkend topic_Managing_Exlusion_Constraints}\s4\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Managing Exclusion Constraints
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 This chapter outlines how to manage Exclusion Constraints.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Help topics include:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Assigning_Roles_to_an_Exclusio" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Assigning Roles to an Exclusion Constraint}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Assigning_Roles_to_an_Exclusio}{\*\bkmkend topic_Assigning_Roles_to_an_Exclusio}\s5\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Assigning Roles to an Exclusion Constraint
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following steps outline how to assign Roles to an Exclusion Constraint.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 NB\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  Exclusion Constraints can only be assigned to a set of Roles are that compatible and where compatible means the following for an Exclusion Constraint:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 - All Roles in the set are hosted by the same Object Type or Supertypes/Subtypes of that Object Type
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs22\cf0 Steps to assign Roles to an Exclusion Constraint
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure that the Page that you are editing has at least two Fact Types within the Page;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Add a new Exclusion Constraint to the Page by dragging the Exclusion Constraint icon from the Toolbox;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 From just inside the border of the Exclusion Constraint, drag a link to the first Role in the set;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 4.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 For each other Role that you would like to include in the set:
\line - From just inside the border of the Exclusion Constraint, drag a link to that Role.
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 NB\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  An Exclusion Constraint must span at least 2 Roles.\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Managing_Inclusive-OR_Constrai}{\*\bkmkend topic_Managing_Inclusive-OR_Constrai}\s4\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Managing Inclusive-OR Constraints
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 This chapter outlines how to manage Inclusive-OR Constraints.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Help topics include:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Assigning_Roles_to_an_Inclusiv" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Assigning Roles to an Inclusive-OR Constraint}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Assigning_Roles_to_an_Inclusiv}{\*\bkmkend topic_Assigning_Roles_to_an_Inclusiv}\s5\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Assigning Roles to an Inclusive-OR Constraint
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following steps outline how to assign Roles to an Inclusive-OR Constraint.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 NB\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  Inclusive-OR Constraints can only be assigned to a set of Roles that are compatible and where compatible means the following for an Inclusive-OR Constraint:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 - All Roles in the set are hosted by the same Object Type or Supertypes/Subtypes of that Object Type
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs22\cf0 Steps to assign Roles to an Inclusive-OR Constraint
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure that the Page that you are editing has at least two Fact Types within the Page;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Add a new Inclusive-OR Constraint to the Page by dragging the Inclusive-OR Constraint icon from the Toolbox;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 From just inside the border of the Inclusive-OR Constraint, drag a link to the first Role in the set;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 4.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 For each other Role that you would like to include in the set:
\line - From just inside the border of the Inclusive-OR Constraint, drag a link to that Role.
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 NB\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  An Inclusive-OR Constraint must span at least 2 Roles.\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Managing_Exclusive-OR_Constrai}{\*\bkmkend topic_Managing_Exclusive-OR_Constrai}\s4\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Managing Exclusive-OR Constraints
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 This chapter outlines how to manage Exclusive-OR Constraints.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Help topics include:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Assigning_Roles_to_an_Exclusiv" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Assigning Roles to an Exclusive-OR Constraint}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Assigning_Roles_to_an_Exclusiv}{\*\bkmkend topic_Assigning_Roles_to_an_Exclusiv}\s5\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Assigning Roles to an Exclusive-OR Constraint
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following steps outline how to assign Roles to an Exclusive-OR Constraint.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 NB\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  Exclusive-OR Constraints can only be assigned to a set of Roles that are compatible and where compatible means the following for an Exclusive-OR Constraint:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 - All Roles in the set are hosted by the same Object Type or Supertypes/Subtypes of that Object Type
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs22\cf0 Steps to assign Roles to an Exclusive-OR Constraint
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure that the Page that you are editing has at least two Fact Types within the Page;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Add a new Exclusive-OR Constraint to the Page by dragging the Exclusive-OR Constraint icon from the Toolbox;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 From just inside the border of the Exclusive-OR Constraint, drag a link to the first Role in the set;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 4.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 For each other Role that you would like to include in the set:
\line - From just inside the border of the Exclusive-OR Constraint, drag a link to that Role.
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 NB\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  An Exclusive-OR Constraint must span at least 2 Roles.\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Managing_Subset_Constraints}{\*\bkmkend topic_Managing_Subset_Constraints}\s4\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Managing Subset Constraints
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 This chapter outlines how to manage Subset Constraints.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Help topics include:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Assigning_Roles_to_a_Subset_Co" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Assigning Roles to a Subset Constraint}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Assigning_Roles_to_a_Subset_Co}{\*\bkmkend topic_Assigning_Roles_to_a_Subset_Co}\s5\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Assigning Roles to a Subset Constraint
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following steps outline how to assign Roles to an Subset Constraint.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 NB\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  Subset Constraints can only be assigned to sets of Roles that are compatible and where compatible means the following for an Subset Constraint:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 - The Roles in each set of two Role are hosted by the same Object Type or Supertypes/Subtypes of that Object Type.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 - Each set of two Roles is where the value members of the first element are a subset of the values of the second element.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs22\cf0 Steps to assign Roles to an Subset Constraint
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure that the Page that you are editing has at least two Fact Types within the Page;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Add a new Subset Constraint to the Page by dragging the Subset Constraint icon from the Toolbox;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 From just inside the border of the Subset Constraint, drag a link to the first Role in the first set;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 4.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 From just inside the border of the Subset Constraint, drag a link to the Role that provides the superset of Values;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 5.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Repeat steps 3 (above) and 4 (above) for each other Subset/Superset set within the Subset Constraint.
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 NB\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  An Subset Constraint must span at least 2 Roles.\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Managing_Frequency_Constraints}{\*\bkmkend topic_Managing_Frequency_Constraints}\s4\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Managing Frequency Constraints
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 This chapter outlines how to manage Frequency Constraints.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Help topics include:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Setting_the_properties_of_a_Fr" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Setting the properties of a Frequency Constraint}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Setting_the_properties_of_a_Fr}{\*\bkmkend topic_Setting_the_properties_of_a_Fr}\s5\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Setting the properties of a Frequency Constraint
\par\keepn
{\fs12\v {\xe {Role Constraint}}}
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 This help topic outlines how to set the properties of a Frequency Constraint within the Properties Toolbox.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Frequency Constraints have additional properties that are not on other Role Constraints. These are:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 1. MinimumFrequencyCount; and
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 2. MaximumFrequencyCount
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "embim1.bmp" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 Extra Properties on a Frequency Constraint
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Together, the value of these properties manage a Frequency Constraint's range.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The following table outlines how the value of the properties MinimumFrequencyCount and MaximumFrequencyCount affect the appearance of a Frequency Constraint within an ORM Diagram and the interpretted meaning of the Frequency Constraint.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\trowd\trgaph8\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx1688\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3578\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx7808\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\cbpat4\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0  Relative values of MinimumFrequencyCount and MaximumFreqencyCount\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\cbpat4\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 Outcome\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\cbpat4\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 Appearance on an ORM Diagram\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph8\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx1688\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3578\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx7808\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 MinimumFrequencyCount = 0
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl MaximumFrequencyCount > 0\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Sets the Frequency Constraint to a 'Less than or equal to' Frequency Constraint\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "modelFrequencyConstraintLessThanOREqualTo.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph8\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx1688\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3578\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx7808\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 MinimumFrequencyCount < MaximumFrequencyCount\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Sets a range from the MinimumFrequencyCount to the MaximumFrequencyCount for the Frequency Constraint\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "modelFrequencyConstraintRange.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph8\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx1688\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3578\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx7808\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 MinimumFrequencyCount = MaximumFrequencyCount\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Sets a discrete value for the Frequency Constraint\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "modelFrequencyConstraintEqualTo.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph8\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx1688\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3578\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx7808\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 MinimumFrequencyCount > 0
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl MaximumFrequencyCount = 0\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Sets the Frequency Constraint to a 'Greater than or equal to' Frequency Constraint\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "modelFrequencyConstraintGreaterThanOREqualTo.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \par\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Managing_Model_Notes}{\*\bkmkend topic_Managing_Model_Notes}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Managing Model Notes
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Model Notes are relatively simple to maintain.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs26\cf0 Changing the Text of a Model Note
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 To change the text of a Model Note, double-click on the Model Note, modify the text of the Model Note and then press [Enter] on your keyboard.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs26\cf0 Reassigning the Model Element that the Model Note is associated with
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 To reassign the Model Element that a Model Note is associated with, drag a model note connection from the Model Note to the desired Model Element.\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Managing_Subtype_Relationship2}{\*\bkmkend topic_Managing_Subtype_Relationship2}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Managing Subtype Relationships
\par\keepn
{\fs12\v {\xe {Subtype Relationship}}}
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The help topics in this chapter outline how to manage Subtype Relationships.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Subtype Relationships in ORM are defined by drawing a directed arrow from the Object Type that is the Subtype of another Object Type, to the Object Type that is the Supertype.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 In the ORM Model below, both Student and Teacher are Subtypes of the Object Type, 'Person'.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "modelStudentPersonStudentSubtypeOfPerson.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Subtype Relationships\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Adding_a_Subtype_Relationship_}{\*\bkmkend topic_Adding_a_Subtype_Relationship_}\s4\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Adding a Subtype Relationship to a Model and Page
\par\keepn
{\fs12\v {\xe {Subtype Relationship}}}
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following steps outline how to add a Subtype Relationship to a Model and Page.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 NB\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  Subtype Relationships between Object Types always appear on a Page if the following conditions are met:
\par \pard\fi0\li720\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 a) The Subtype Relationship has been established between the Subtype and its Supertype;
\par \pard\fi0\li720\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 b) Both the Subtype Object Type and the Supertype Object Type are displayed on the Page.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Steps to add a Subtype Relationship between a Subtype Object Type and its Supertype Object Type:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Select the Subtype Object Type;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Select the Supertype Object Type;
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "modelStudentPersonStudentAndPersonSelected.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\line \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Press the [S] button on your keyboard.
\line The Subtype Relationship will be created in the Model and displayed on the Page.
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "modelStudentPersonStudentSubtypeOfPerson.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs26\cf0 Using the Toolbox to create a Subtype Relationship
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 You can also use the Toolbox to create a Subtype Relationship. The following help topic outlines how to use the Toolbox to create a Subtype Relationship in a Model and Page.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Using_the_Toolbox_to_create_a_" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Using the Toolbox to create a Subtype Relationship}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Using_the_Toolbox_to_create_a_}{\*\bkmkend topic_Using_the_Toolbox_to_create_a_}\s5\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Using the Toolbox to create a Subtype Relationship
\par\keepn
{\fs12\v {\xe {Subtype Relationship}}}
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following steps outline how to create a Subtype Relationship using the Toolbox:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 NB\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  The fastest way to create a Subtype Relationship is by using the keyboard (See help topic, {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Adding_a_Subtype_Relationship_" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Adding a Subtype Relationship to a Model and Page}}})
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure the Toolbox is open within the Boston workbench;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Drag the 'Subtype Connector' icon from the Toolbox over the Page's canvas;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Release the left mouse button;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 4.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Perform a drag operation, originating at the Subtype Object Type to the Supertype Object Type;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 5.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The Subtype Relationship will be created between the Subtype Object Type and the Supertype Object Type;\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_The_Properties_Toolbox}{\*\bkmkend topic_The_Properties_Toolbox}\s2\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul The Properties Toolbox
\par\keepn
{\fs12\v {\xe {Value Type}}}
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The Properties Toolbox allows you to view and edit the Properties of a Model Element directly. Model Elements within an ORM Model often have properties which are not directly visible on an ORM Diagram and which can only be edited within the Properties Toolbox (e.g. The Data Type of a Value Type).
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 To quickly open the Properties Toolbox within the Boston workbench, either:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Right-click on an open area of the canvas of a Page open for editing within the Boston workbench, and select the [Vie]->[Properties] menu option; or
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Press the [P] button on your keyboard when working with a Page is open for editing within the Boston workbench.
\line 
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The picture below is of the Properties Toolbox:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "frmPropertiesToolbox.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The Properties Toolbox\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Opening_the_Properties_Toolbox}{\*\bkmkend topic_Opening_the_Properties_Toolbox}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Opening the Properties Toolbox
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 There are three ways to open the Properties Toolbox:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Using the Diagram context menu to open the Properties Toolbox
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Using a Shortcut Key combination to open the Properties Toolbox
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Right-clicking on a Model Element, and selecting the [Properties] menu option
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 4.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Using the [View]->[Toolboxes]->[Properties] menu option within the main Boston menu
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs22\cf0 Using the Diagram context menu to open the Properties Toolbox
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure a Page is open for editing within the Boston workbench;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Left-click on a blank area of the canvas of the Page;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Right-click on the blank area of the canvas of a Page to open the Diagram context menu;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 4.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Select the [View]->[Properties] menu option.
\line The Properties Toolbox will be displayed on the right hand side of the Boston workbench.
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs22\cf0 Using a Shortcut Key combination to open the Properties Toolbox
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure a Page is open for editing within the Boston workbench;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Left-click on a blank area of the canvas of the Page (to make sure the Page has the focus within the Boston workbench).
\line \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 NB\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  You can ignore this step if the Page already has the focus within the Boston workbench.
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Press the [P] button on your keyboard.
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs22\cf0 Right-clicking on a Model Element, and selecting the [Properties] menu option
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure a Page with an ORM Diagram is open for editing within the Boston workbench;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Left-click on the Model Element that you would like to see the properties of;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Right-click to open the context menu for the Model Element;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 4.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Select the [Properties] menu option.
\line The Properties Toolbox will be displayed on the right hand side of the Boston workbench.
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs22\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Using the [View]->[Toolboxes]->[Properties] menu option within the main Boston menu
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 From within the main Boston menu, select the [View]->[Toolboxes]->[Properties] menu option.
\line The Properties Toolbox will be displayed on the right hand side of the Boston workbench.
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs22\cf0 \par\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_The_Model_Dictionary}{\*\bkmkend topic_The_Model_Dictionary}\s2\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul The Model Dictionary
\par\keepn
{\fs12\v {\xe {Value Type}}}
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The Model Dictionary Toolbox allows you to:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 View the lists of Model Elements within a Model by their type (e.g. Entity Type, Value Type, Fact Type or Role Constraint).
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Add a Model Element to a Page open for editing within the Boston workbench, by dragging the Model Element onto the canvas of the Page.
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 See also: {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Adding_a_Model_Element_to_one_" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Adding a Model Element to one Model from another Model}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 To open the Model Dictionary Toolbox, follow the following steps:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure a Page is open for editing within the Boston workbench;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Right-click on a blank area of the canvas of the Page, and select the [View]->[Model Dictionary] option within the context menu that is offered to you.
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Or...
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 1. Select the [View]->[Toolboxes]->[Model Dictionary] menu option from within the set of menus at the top of the Boston workbench.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The following picture if of the Model Dictionary Toolbox:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "frmModelDictionary.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The Model Dictionary Toolbox\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Adding_a_Model_Element_to_one_}{\*\bkmkend topic_Adding_a_Model_Element_to_one_}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Adding a Model Element to one Model from another Model
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following steps outline how to add a Model Element from one Model from another Model using the Model Dictionary.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure the Model Explorer is open within the Boston workbench;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure a Page of the source Model is open within the Boston workbench;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure the Model Dictionary is open within the Boston workbench;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 4.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 From within the Model Explorer open a Page of the target Model (or click on an open Page of  that Model within the workbench);
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 5.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Navigate to the open Page of the source Model, so that it is the presenting Page within the Boston workbench;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 6.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Within the Model Dictionary, navigate to the Model Element that you wish to copy to the target Model;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 7.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Drag that Model Element from the Model Dictionary to the Tab representing the Page of the target Model;
\line The Page of the target Model will now appear as the presenting Page within the Boston workbench.
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 8.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Drop the Model Element on the Page of the target Model;
\line The Model Element will appear on the Page and is effectively 'copied' to the target Model.
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \par\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_The_Error_List}{\*\bkmkend topic_The_Error_List}\s2\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul The Error List
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The Error List Workbox provides an automatically updated list of the errors within the Model currently being worked on within the Workbench.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 NB\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  This version of Boston provides very few errors. Please consult an appropriate ORM reference for validation of your model. Please also contact Viev support with recommendations for model errors.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "frmErrorList.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The Error List Toolbox
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs26\cf0 Opening the Error List Toolbox
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The following steps outline how to open the Error List Toolbox:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure you have a Page open for editing within the Boston workbench;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Right-click on an empty area of the canvas of the Page.
\line You will be presented with the Diagram context menu.
\line 
\line {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "embim2.bmp" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Select the [View]->[Error List] menu option.
\line The Error List Toolbox will appear at the bottom of the Boston workbench.
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs26\cf0 Working with Model Errors within the Error List Toolbox
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The following steps outline how to get help on a particular Model Error:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 1. Right-click on the Model Error;
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \tab The Model Error [Help] context menu will open (as pictured below);
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 2. Click on [Help].
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \tab The Boston Help Manual will open at a topic specifically related to the Model Error in question.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 3. Follow the instructions within the Help Manual to resolve the Model Error.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "ModelErrorHelpContextMenu.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 \par\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Model_Errors}{\*\bkmkend topic_Model_Errors}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Model Errors
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Boston checks to see if the Model that you are working with has any Model Errors. This section contains details on what the various errors are an how to resolve an error when it is found.\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Model_Error_100}{\*\bkmkend topic_Model_Error_100}\s4\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Model Error 100
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs26\cf0 Population Uniqueness Error
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 An Internal Uniqueness Constraint ranging over one or more Roles within a Fact Type has been violated by at least one Fact within a Data Population within the Fact Table of that Fact Type.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The Internal Uniqueness Constraint in question is listed within the Error.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs26\cf0 Error Resolution
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 To resolve this error, perform \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 one\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  of the following:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 1. Modify the Internal Uniqueness Constraint to better suit the type of data that will be captured for the Fact Type; \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 OR
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 2. Remove the violating Data Population from the Fact Table of the Fact Type associated with the Internal Uniqueness Constraint.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs26\cf0 Example
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The following ORM Diagram shows a Data Population for a Fact Type where the Internal Uniqueness Constraint ranging over the Fact Type is violated.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "InternalUniquenessConstraintPopulationViolation.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 i.e. The Internal Uniqueness Constraint necessitates that each instance of Person in the Fact Type, "Person drives Car", is unique. There are two Facts with a Person instance of "Peter", and so the Internal Uniqueness Constraint is violated.\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Model_Error_106}{\*\bkmkend topic_Model_Error_106}\s4\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Model Error 106
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs26\cf0 Fact Type requires at least one Internal Uniqueness Constraint
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Each Fact Type within a Model requires at least one Internal Uniqueness Constraint.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs26\cf0 Error Resolution
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 To resolve this error, add an Internal Uniqueness Constraint to the Fact Type.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 See {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Adding_an_Internal_Uniqueness_" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Adding an Internal Uniqueness Constraint to a Fact Type}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs26\cf0 Example
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The following ORM Diagram shows a Fact Type without an Internal Uniqueness Constraint.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "FactTypeWithoutInternalUniquenessConstraint.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Model_Error_113}{\*\bkmkend topic_Model_Error_113}\s4\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Model Error 113
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs26\cf0 Frequency Constraint Min/Max Error
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 One or more Facts within the a Data Population of the Fact Type associated with the respective Frequency Constraint violates either the Minimum or Maximum allowed Fact count for that Frequency Constraint.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs26\cf0 Error Resolution
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 To resolve this error do \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 one\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  of the following:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 1. Add or Remove Facts within the Fact Table (Data Population) of the Fact Type associated with the Frequency Constraint; \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 OR
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 2. Modify the Minimum and/or Maximum value counts of the Frequency Constraint as required.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs26\cf0 Example
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The following ORM Diagram shows a "Frequency Constraint Min/Max Error" (as indicated by the red Frequency Constraint) where the Frequency Constraint allows no more than 2 instances of a value of Person within the Fact Type, "Person drives VehicleType", but where there are 3 instance of the same Person ("Peter") within the Sample Population for the Fact Type.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "FrequencyConstraintMinMaxViolation.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Model_Error_115}{\*\bkmkend topic_Model_Error_115}\s4\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Model Error 115
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs26\cf0 Fact Type Requires Reading Error
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The Fact Type associated with the Model Error has no Fact Type Reading. Each Fact Type within a Model requires at least one Fact Type Reading.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs26\cf0 Error Resolution
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 To resolve this error do the following:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 1. Add a Fact Type Reading to the Fact Type associated with the Model Error.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 See {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Adding_Fact_Type_Readings_to_a" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Adding Fact Type Readings to a Fact Type}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs26\cf0 Example
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The following ORM Diagrams show a Fact Type without a Fact Type Reading, and the same Fact Type with at least one Fact Type Reading:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "FactTypeWithoutAFactTypeReading.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Fact Type without a Fact Type Reading
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "FactTypeWithAFactTypeReading.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Fact Type with at least one Fact Type Reading\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Model_Error_126}{\*\bkmkend topic_Model_Error_126}\s4\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Model Error 126
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs26\cf0 Role Constraint has too few Role Sequences Error
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The Role Constraint associated with the Model Error has to few Role Sequences / Role Constraint Arguments.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 This Model Error captures violations for multiple types of Role Constraints.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs22\cf0 Ring Constraints
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Each Ring Constraint must have two different Roles of the same Fact Type associated (linked to) the constraint, and where that Fact Type has two Roles played by the same Object Type.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 If the Model Error is for a Ring Constraint, then that Ring Constraint has zero or one Role linked to the Ring Constraint.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs22\cf0 Other External Role Constraints
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Every External Role Constraint must have at least one associated Role.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs26\cf0 Error Resolution
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 To resolve this error do the following:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 1. Make sure that the Role Constraint associated with the Model Error has the appropriate number of associated Roles for the Role Constraint and that each Role Constraint Argument of the Role Constraint has the required number of associated Roles.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 See the chapter: {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Managing_Ring_Constraints" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Managing Ring Constraints}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs26\cf0 Example
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The following ORM Diagram shows a Ring Constraint with only one associated Role, and where 2 associated Roles is the required number of associated Roles for a Ring Constraint.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "RingConstraintWithTooFewRoleSequences.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Model_Error_127}{\*\bkmkend topic_Model_Error_127}\s4\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Model Error 127
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs26\cf0 Data Type Not Specified Error
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Each Value Type within a Model requires a specified Data Type. When this Model Error appears in the Error List Toolbox, the name of the Value Type to which the error relates will be displayed within the error message.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs26\cf0 Error Resolution
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 To resolve this error, set the desired Data Type of the respective Value Type (i.e. from <Data Type Not Set>) 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 See {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Managing_Value_Type_Properties" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Managing Value Type Properties}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \par\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Model_Error_129}{\*\bkmkend topic_Model_Error_129}\s4\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Model Error 129
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs26\cf0 Role Constraint Conflict Error
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The Role Constraint listed in the description of the Model Error conflicts with the other Role Constraint listed in the description of the Model Error.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs26\cf0 Error Resolution
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 To resolve this error, resolve the conflict between the listed Role Constraints.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 See the chapter: {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Managing_Ring_Constraints" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Managing Ring Constraints}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs26\cf0 Example
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The following ORM Diagram shows an Equality Constraint that has a conflicting Exclusion Constraint:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "RoleConstraintConflictError.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_The_Fact_Type_Reading}{\*\bkmkend topic_The_Fact_Type_Reading}\s2\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul The Fact Type Reading Editor
\par\keepn
{\fs12\v {\xe {Fact Type Reading}}}
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The Fact Type Reading Editor allows you to create, edit and delete Fact Type Readings for Fact Types within the Model currently being worked on within the Workbench.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "frmFactTypeReadingEditor.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The Fact Type Reading Editor
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Adding_Fact_Type_Readings_to_2" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Adding Fact Type Readings to a Fact Type}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Editing_existing_Fact_Type_Rea" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Editing existing Fact Type Readings}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Deleting_a_Fact_Type_Readings" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Deleting a Fact Type Reading}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Adding_Fact_Type_Readings_to_2}{\*\bkmkend topic_Adding_Fact_Type_Readings_to_2}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Adding Fact Type Readings to a Fact Type
\par\keepn
{\fs12\v {\xe {Fact Type Reading}}}
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following steps outline how to add a Fact Type Reading to a Fact Type.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure the Fact Type Reading Editor is open within the Boston workbench;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Select the Fact Type to which you would like to add a Fact Type Reading, within the Page;
\line The name of the Fact Type will appear at the top of the Fact Type Reading Editor.
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Type the Fact Type Reading in the textbox at the top of the Fact Type Reading Editor
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 \tab \tab {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "frmFactTypeReadingEditorAddingReadingPersonDrivesCar.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\line \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 4.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Press [Enter];
\line The Fact Type Reading for the Fact Type will be added to the list of Fact Type Readings for the Fact Type within the grid at the base of the Fact Type Reading Editor.
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 \tab \tab {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "frmFactTypeReadingEditorAddedPersonDrivesCar.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \par\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Editing_existing_Fact_Type_Rea}{\*\bkmkend topic_Editing_existing_Fact_Type_Rea}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Editing existing Fact Type Readings
\par\keepn
{\fs12\v {\xe {Fact Type Reading}}}
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following steps outline how to edit an existing Fact Type Reading for a Fact Type:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure the Fact Type Reading Editor is open within the Boston workbench;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Select a Fact Type with at least one Fact Type Reading, within a Page open for editing;
\line The Fact Type Readings for the Fact Type will be displayed within the grid at the base of the Fact Type Reading form.
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "frmFactTypeReadingEditorFactTypeWithReadingSelected.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\line \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Click on the Fact Type Reading that you would like to edit, within the grid at the base of the Fact Type Reading editor.
\line The Fact Type Reading will become editable.
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "frmFactTypeReadingEditorEdittingFactTypeReading.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\line 
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 4.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Modify the part of the predicate that you would like to change, and then press the [Enter] key on your keyboard.
\line The Fact Type Reading will be changed to the new reading.
\line 
\line {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "embim3.bmp" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \par\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Deleting_a_Fact_Type_Readings}{\*\bkmkend topic_Deleting_a_Fact_Type_Readings}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Deleting a Fact Type Reading
\par\keepn
{\fs12\v {\xe {Fact Type Reading}}}
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following steps outline how to delete (or 'remove') a Fact Type Reading from the list of Fact Type Readings for a Fact Type.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure the Fact Type Reading editor is open within the Boston workbench;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Select the Fact Type with the Fact Type Reading that you would like to delete/remove;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Select the Fact Type Reading within the grid at the base of the Fact Type Reading editor (click on the leftmost part of the row within the grid);
\line The row within the grid will be highlighted blue, including the leftmost column.
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "frmFactTypeReadingEditorReadingSelectedForDeletion.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\line 
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 4.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Press the [Delete] key on your keyboard;
\line The Fact Type Reading will be deleted from the set of Fact Type Readings for the Fact Type.
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "frmFactTypeReadingEditorDeletedFactTypeReading.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \par\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_The_ORM_Verbaliser}{\*\bkmkend topic_The_ORM_Verbaliser}\s2\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul The ORM Verbalisation View
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The ORM Verbalisation view shows the verbalisation of a Model Element in natural language.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The view the verbalisation of a Model Element, follow the steps below:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure the ORM Verbalisation view is open within the Boston workbench;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Left-click on the Model Element that you would like to see the verbalisation for.
\line The ORM Verbalisation view will display the verbalisation of the Model Element that you have selected.
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "frmORMVerbalisationView.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Opening_the_ORM_Verbalisation_}{\*\bkmkend topic_Opening_the_ORM_Verbalisation_}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Opening the ORM Verbalisation View
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following steps outline how to open the ORM Verbalisation View:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure you have a Page open for editing within the Boston workbench;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Right-click on an empty area of the canvas of the Page.
\line You will be presented with the Diagram context menu.
\line 
\line {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "embim4.bmp" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Select the [View]->[ORM Verbalisation View] menu option.
\line The Error List Toolbox will appear at the bottom of the Boston workbench.\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_The_Virtual_Analyst}{\*\bkmkend topic_The_Virtual_Analyst}\s2\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul The Virtual Analyst
\par\keepn
{\fs12\v {\xe {Virtual Analyst}}}
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Boston's Virtual Analyst (VA) is designed to make it easier to create initial ORM Models. The Virtual Analyst analyses Facts and asks you to confirm its analysis of each Fact it receives. Transactions with the Virtual Analyst take the form of a "Chat Session", with you submitting Facts for analysis and answering the questions raised by the VA after analysing the sentence you have provided.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 On analysing a Fact, the Virtual Analyst will ask questions as to whether you would like the Virtual Analyst to create the Entity Types, Fact Types and Subset Constraints it has identified.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 NB\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  A Model and Page must be open within the Boston workbench for the Virtual Analyst to work with.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The picture below is a typical conversation with the Virtual Analyst.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "frmVirtualAnalyst.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Working with the Virtual Analyst\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Creating_Entity_Types_and_Fact}{\*\bkmkend topic_Creating_Entity_Types_and_Fact}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Creating Entity Types and Fact Types using the Virtual Analyst
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 You can create Entity Types and Fact Types by using the Virtual Analyst by simply typing Facts (or 'predicated') into the chat session with the Virtual Analyst.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The steps below outline how to create Entity Types and Fact Types by using the Virtual Analyst.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure the Virtual Analyst is open within the Boston workbench;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure that a Page is open for editing within the Boston workbench;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Within the Virtual Analyst, type the Fact/Predicate into the chat-session textbox (click to the right of the text, 'NL:').
\line \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 NB\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  'NL' stands for 'Natural Language'.
\line Press the [Enter] key on your keyboard when you have completed writing the Fact/Predicate.
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "frmVirtualAnalystPredicateTyped.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\line \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\line The Virtual Analyst will ask you if you would like to create Entity Types for those that it identifies within the Fact/Predicate.
\line 
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 4.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Answer 'yes' to those Entity Types that the Virtual Analyst correctly identifies.
\line \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 NB\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  After the Virtual Analyst has completed analysing the Entity Types, the Virtual Analyst will ask you if you would like to create a Fact Type for the the Fact/Predicate entered.
\line 
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 5.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Answer 'yes' to the creation of the Fact Type.
\line 
\line {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "frmVirtualAnalystSuccessfulFactTypeCreation.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\line 
\line The Entity Types and the Fact Type will automatically be added to the Page open for editing within the Boston workbench.
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "frmVirtualAnalystAutomaticCreationOfObjectTypesWithinPage.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\line 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 
\line \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\line 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \par\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Creating_Subtype_Relationships}{\*\bkmkend topic_Creating_Subtype_Relationships}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Creating Subtype Relationships using the Virtual Analyst
\par\keepn
{\fs12\v {\xe {Subtype Relationship}}}
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following steps outline how to create a Subtype Relationship using the Virtual Analyst.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure the Virtual Analyst is open within the Boston workbench;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure that a Page is open for editing within the Boston workbench;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Within the chat-session textbox, type in the Subtype Relationship that you would like to create using the following syntax:
\line <Subtype> is a <Supertype>
\line 
\line Press the [Enter] key on your keyboard after you have finished writing the predicate.
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "frmVirtualAnalystAutomaticSubtypeRelationshipCreation.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\line \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\line The Virtual Analyst will ask you to confirm the creation of any Entity Types that are required to be created to create the Subtype Relationship;
\line The Virtual Analyst will ask you to confirm the creation of the Subtype Relationship.
\line 
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 4.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Answer 'yes' to create the required Entity Types;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 5.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Answer 'yes' to create the Subtype Relationship.
\line 
\line The virtual analyst will automatically update the Page with the new Entity Types and Subtype Relationship.
\line \par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Using_VAQL_Virtual_Analyst_Que}{\*\bkmkend topic_Using_VAQL_Virtual_Analyst_Que}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Using VAQL (Virtual Analyst Query Language)
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The Virtual Analyst includes a Controlled Natural Language (CNL) that called VAQL (Virtual Analyst Query Language). VAQL is a derivative of Data Constellation's open-source CQL (Constellation Query Language) (http://www.dataconstellation.com) available through their Active Facts project (https://github.com/cjheath/activefacts).
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 CQL is designed so that analysts can create, edit and publish models in a CNL. Viev's VAQL derives from this language, using ALLCAPS for reserved words within the language.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 A brief example as introduction to VAQL will frame the nature and intent of the language:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The VAQL statement above defines a Value Type called "FirstName", with a Data Type of 'String Fixed Length', with the maximum length of instances of that Value Type being 100 characters long.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \tab "\plain \f1\fs20\cf5 FirstName\plain \f1\fs20\cf1  IS WRITTEN AS\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  \plain \f1\fs20\cf6 StringFixedLength\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 (100)"
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 While the benefits of defining a Value Type using natural language may not be immediately apparent, it is the functionality of the Virtual Analyst toolbox which brings about the unseen benefits.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Using Auto-Completion, Boston's VA augments rapid model definition by displaying the list of options available to complete a VAQL sentence. The Auto-Completion list is displayed under the sentence that you are typing. This allows you to quickly and efficiently complete the sentence. An example of the Auto-Completion functionality is displayed below:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "VAQLISWRITTENASAutoComplete.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 Auto-Completion in Boston
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0  
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The result of entering the verifiable VAQL statement (above) is either creation of a new Value Type, or modifying of an existing Value Type within the model.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 We estimate that using the VA and VAQL is 2 to 3 times faster than using the standard drag-and-drop features to modify a model within Boston.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Creation of new Value Types, or editing the Data Type of an existing Value Type is a simple example. A more complex example, model-wise, but just as easy to type into the VA, is that of creating a new Fact Type with accompanying Entity Type and Value Type all within one sentence:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \tab "\plain \f1\fs20\cf5 Person\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  \plain \f1\fs20\cf7 has\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  \plain \f1\fs20\cf1 ONE\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  \plain \f1\fs20\cf5 FirstName\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 "
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 This simple sentence exemplifies the speed and grace by which models can be edited using the VA. Typing "Person has ONE FirstName" into the VA will set the VA in motion to create an Entity Type for 'Person' (if the 'Person' Entity Type doesn't already exist within the model), a Value Type for 'FirstName', a Fact Type with a reading of 'Person has FirstName', a mandatory constraint and a uniqueness constraint...all defined within that simple sentence. The resulting ORM model fragment that is created within Boston is shown below:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "ModelPersonHasONEFirstName.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 A model fragment created using VAQL
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The Value Type, "FirstName", is coloured red because in this example the Data Type of the Value Type has not been set. Using the first VAQL statement first listed above ("FirstName IS WRITTEN AS StringFixedLength(100)") we can quickly and easily define the Data Type and Data Type Length of the Value Type.\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Using_the_Auto-Complete_List}{\*\bkmkend topic_Using_the_Auto-Complete_List}\s4\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Using the Auto-Complete List
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 When typing VAQL sentences into the Virtual Analyst toolbox the Auto-Complete tool/list will periodically appear under the last character you have typed.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The Auto-Complete tool is designed to significantly accelerate the process of typing VAQL sentences, and provides a list of the next words (or 'tokens') to complete the sentence.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 In the example below, the Auto-Complete tool shows a list of Data Types that are valid, to complete the "IS WRITTEN AS" sentence.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "VAQLISWRITTENASAutoComplete.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\line A list of valid Data Types displayed in the Auto-Complete Tool
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The following help topics outline how to use the Auto-Complete tool, and include:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Accessing_the_Auto-Complete_To" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Accessing the Auto-Complete Tool}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Selecting_a_token_in_the_Auto-" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Selecting a token in the Auto-Complete Tool}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 \par\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Accessing_the_Auto-Complete_To}{\*\bkmkend topic_Accessing_the_Auto-Complete_To}\s5\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Accessing the Auto-Complete Tool
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following steps outline how to access the Auto-Complete tool:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 NB\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  As you type a VAQL statement the Auto-Complete tool will automatically appear where required. Sometime the Auto-Complete tool will be semi-transparent so that you can read sentences already typed into the Virtual Analyst Toolbox.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "frmVirtualAnalystTransparentAutoComplete.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The Auto-Complete Tool automatically appearing where required
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 To access the Auto-Complete Tool, follow the following steps:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Press the [v] (down arrow) key on your keyboard
\line The focus of the Virtual Analyst Toolbox will be transferred to the Auto-Complete Tool so that you can select a token within the tool.
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "VAQLISWRITTENASAutoComplete.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\line 
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Use the [^] (up arrow) and [v] (down arrow) keys on your keyboard to navigate within the set of tokens offered within the Auto-Complete tool.
\line 
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Once you have located and focused the token that you would like to include in your VAQL statement, press the [Space] bar on your keyboard to make your selection and append the token to the VAQL statement.\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Selecting_a_token_in_the_Auto-}{\*\bkmkend topic_Selecting_a_token_in_the_Auto-}\s5\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Selecting a token in the Auto-Complete Tool
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following steps outline how to select a token within the Auto-Complete Tool:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Press the [Space] bar on your keyboard
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "VAQLISWRITTENASAutoComplete.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\line 
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The token that you have selected will be appended to the VAQL statement that you are typing.
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "frmVirtualAnalystSelectingFromTheAutoCompleteTool.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 NB\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  The Auto-Complete Tool may show further tokens that are required to complete the VAQL Statement (as above).\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Validating_a_VAQL_Statement}{\*\bkmkend topic_Validating_a_VAQL_Statement}\s4\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Validating a VAQL Statement
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The Virtual Analyst is designed to make the process of entering the details of a model into Boston as easy as possible. The process of validating a VAQL statement is automated by colour-coding the VAQL statement that you have typed into the Virtual Analyst Toolbox once the VAQL statement is complete and has automatically been validated by the Virtual Analyst.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The following step/s outline how to initiate the automatic validation of a VAQL statement:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Press the [Space] bar on your keyboard once you have completed typing in a VAQL statement.
\line The Virtual Analyst will automatically validate the VAQL statement and colour-code the VAQL Statement to signify that the statement is valid.
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 For example, the following is a valid VAQL statement. Note that the statement has been colour-coded to signify that the statement is valid.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "frmVirtualAnalystAutomaticValidationOfVAQLColourCoding.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Colour-Coding of a valid VAQL Statement\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Syntax_-_VAQL_Virtual_Analyst_}{\*\bkmkend topic_Syntax_-_VAQL_Virtual_Analyst_}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Syntax - VAQL (Virtual Analyst Query Language)
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 This chapter provides the Syntax Diagrams that outline how to type valid VAQL statements into the Virtual Analyst Toolbox.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The following is the highest level syntax diagram for the VAQL implemented in Boston:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "VAQLStatement.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_BRClose}{\*\bkmkend topic_BRClose}\s4\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul BRClose
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following is the syntax diagram for a BRClose:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "BRClose.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_BROpen}{\*\bkmkend topic_BROpen}\s4\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul BROpen
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following is the syntax diagram for a BROpen:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "BROpen.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_CapitalLetter}{\*\bkmkend topic_CapitalLetter}\s4\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul CapitalLetter
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following is the syntax diagram for a CapitalLetter:
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "CapitalLetter.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_DataType}{\*\bkmkend topic_DataType}\s4\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul DataType
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following is the syntax diagram for a DataType:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "DataType.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_DataTypeWithLength}{\*\bkmkend topic_DataTypeWithLength}\s4\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul DataTypeWithLength
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following is the syntax diagram for a DataTypeWithLength:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "DataTypeWithLength.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_DataTypeWithPrecision}{\*\bkmkend topic_DataTypeWithPrecision}\s4\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul DataTypeWithPrecision
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following is the syntax diagram for a DataTypeWithPrecision:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "DataTypeWithPrecision.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Digit}{\*\bkmkend topic_Digit}\s4\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Digit
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following is the syntax diagram for a Digit:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "Digit.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_FactTypeProduction}{\*\bkmkend topic_FactTypeProduction}\s4\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul FactTypeProduction
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following is the syntax diagram for a FactTypeProduction:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "FactTypeProduction.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_LowercaseLetter}{\*\bkmkend topic_LowercaseLetter}\s4\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul LowercaseLetter
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following is the syntax diagram for a LowercaseLetter:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "LowercaseLetter.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_LowerORUppercaseLetter}{\*\bkmkend topic_LowerORUppercaseLetter}\s4\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul LowerORUppercaseLetter
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following is the syntax diagram for a LowerORUppercaseLetter:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "LowerORUppercaseLetter.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_ModelElementName}{\*\bkmkend topic_ModelElementName}\s4\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul ModelElementName
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following is the syntax diagram for a ModelElementName token:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "ModelElementName.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 NB\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  ModelElementName tokens are used for the names of Value Types, Entity Types, Fact Types and Role Constraints.\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_ManyToOneProduction}{\*\bkmkend topic_ManyToOneProduction}\s4\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul MandatoryManyToOneProduction
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following is the syntax diagram for a MandatoryManyToOneProduction:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "MandatoryManyToOneProduction.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Number}{\*\bkmkend topic_Number}\s4\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Number
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following is the syntax diagram for a Number:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "Number.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_OptionalManyToOneProduction}{\*\bkmkend topic_OptionalManyToOneProduction}\s4\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul OptionalManyToOneProduction
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following is the syntax diagram for a OptionalManyToOneProduction:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "OptionalManyToOneProduction.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_PredicatePart}{\*\bkmkend topic_PredicatePart}\s4\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul PredicatePart
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following is the syntax diagram for a PredicatePart:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "PredicatePart.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_PredicatePartWord}{\*\bkmkend topic_PredicatePartWord}\s4\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul PredicatePartWord
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following is the syntax diagram for a PredicatePartWord:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "PredicatePartWord.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_ValueTypeIsWrittenAsProduction}{\*\bkmkend topic_ValueTypeIsWrittenAsProduction}\s4\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul ValueTypeIsWrittenAsProduction
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following is the syntax diagram for a OptionalManyToOneProduction:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "ValueTypeIsWrittenAsProduction.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Text-to-Speech}{\*\bkmkend topic_Text-to-Speech}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Text-to-Speech
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 There are multiple ways to turn Text-to-Speech on and off for the Virtual Analyst.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs26\cf0 Turning Text-to-Speech On
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The easiest way to turn on Text-to-Speech for the Virtual Analyst is to type any of the following commands into the Virtual Analyst Toolbox:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \tab "quietmodeoff"
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \tab "speak to me"
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs26\cf0 Turning Text-to-Speech Off
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The easiest way to turn off Text-to-Speech for the Virtual Analyst is to type any of the following commands into the Virtual Analyst Toolbox:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \tab "quietmodeon"
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \tab "shoosh"
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \tab "be quiet"\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Briana_the_Virtual_Analyst}{\*\bkmkend topic_Briana_the_Virtual_Analyst}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Briana, the Virtual Analyst
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Briana is Boston's resident Virtual Analyst (VA). Designed to bring life to the concept of a VA, Briana is a life-like avatar that animates the process of conversing with the VA.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "Briana.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs26\cf0 Displaying Briana
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The easiest way to display Briana is to type the following command into the Virtual Analyst Toolbox:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \tab "show Briana"
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs26\cf0 Hiding Briana
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The easiest way to hide Briana is to type the following command into the Virtual Analyst Toolbox:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \tab "hide Briana"\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Importing_and_Exporting_Models}{\*\bkmkend topic_Importing_and_Exporting_Models}\s1\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Importing and Exporting Models
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Boston stores ORM Models in a Relational Database stored on a storage device accessible to Boston (See {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_The_ORM_Studio_Database" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul The Boston Database}}}).
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 You can also import and export ORM Models via .fbm XML files.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The following help topics outline how to perform the following tasks:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Importing a new Model from a .fbm XML file ({\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Importing_a_new_Model" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Importing a new Model}}})
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Importing a Model from a .fbm XML file into an existing Model ({\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Importing_to_an_existing_Model" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Importing to an existing Model}}})
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Exporting a ORM Model to a .fbm XML file ({\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Explorting_an_ORM_Model_to_a_." }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Exporting an ORM Model to a .fbm XML file}}})
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 These features vastly expand the data management capacity of Boston, allowing you to manage hundreds or even thousands of Models, by storing the .fbm XML files within the permanent storage platform of your choice.\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Importing_a_new_Model}{\*\bkmkend topic_Importing_a_new_Model}\s2\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Importing a new Model
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following steps outline how to import an ORM Model into Boston by importing a .fbm XML file.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure the Model Explorer is open within the Boston workbench
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Follow the steps in the following help topic, which outlines the steps to import a .fbm XML file containing an ORM Model into Boston:
\line {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_Import_an_ORM_Model_from_a_.fb" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Import an ORM Model from a .fbm XML file.}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Importing_to_an_existing_Model}{\*\bkmkend topic_Importing_to_an_existing_Model}\s2\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Importing to an existing Model
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following steps outline how to import an ORM Model into an existing Model within the Boston database.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 NB\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  This is not a 'merge' type procedure. Importing an ORM Model from a .fbm XML file into an existing ORM Model first requires Boston to 'Empty' (or 'purge') the Model Elements from within that Model.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure the Model Explorer is open within the Boston workbench;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Select the Model within the Model Explorer to which you would like to import the new ORM Model from a .fbm XML file;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Right-click with the mouse on the Model node within the Model Explorer;
\line 
\line A context menu will open with the options that you have to add a new Model to the Model Explorer and the Boston database.
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "frmModelExplorer-ModelMenu.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\line 
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 4.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Select the [Import/Export]->[Import]->[From .fbm File] menu option
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 5.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 A "Open File" dialog box will be opened for you to navigate to and open a .fbm file.
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "frmOpenFileDialog.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\line 
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 6.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Select the Fact-Based Modeling file that you would like to import into Boston and the Model Explorer, and then select the [Open] button on the Open File dialog;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 7.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The selected Model will first be Emptied (or 'purged') of all existing Model Elements, and the ORM Model within the .fbm XML file will be imported into Boston and Model selected within the Model Explorer.\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Explorting_an_ORM_Model_to_a_.}{\*\bkmkend topic_Explorting_an_ORM_Model_to_a_.}\s2\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Exporting an ORM Model to a .fbm XML file
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following steps outline how to export an ORM Model to a .fbm XML file:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\li225\fi-225\tx225\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 1.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Make sure the Model Explorer is open within the Boston workbench;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 2.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Select the Model within the Model Explorer to which you would like to export to a .fbm XML file;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 3.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Right-click with the mouse on the Model node within the Model Explorer;
\line 
\line A context menu will open with the options that you have to add a new Model to the Model Explorer and the Boston database.
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "frmModelExplorer-ModelMenu.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\line 
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 4.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Select the [Import/Export]->[Export]->[To .fbm File] menu option.
\line You will be presented with a 'Browse For Folder' selection dialog box.
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "frmBrowseForFolder.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\line 
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 5.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Navigate to the folder to where you would like to export the ORM Model as a .fbm XML file;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 6.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Select the [OK] button on the 'Select For Folder' dialog box;
\plain\par {\plain\f2\fs20\cf0 7.\tab}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The selected ORM Model will be exported to a .fbm XML file within the selected folder.
\line 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 NB\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  The name of the file produced will be the same name as the selected ORM Model, and with the .fbm file extension.
\plain\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\line 
\line \par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Exchanging_Models}{\*\bkmkend topic_Exchanging_Models}\s2\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Exchanging Models
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 You can exchange ORM Models using .fbm XML files which conform to Viev's Fact-Based Modeling Exchange MetaModel XSD specification. The specification can be found at the following web address (HTML link below):
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "PDF16x16.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  {\field {\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.viev.com/index.php/site-map/articles/78-object-role-modeling/78-fbmexchangemetamodelxsd" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Fact-Based Modeling Exchange MetaModel - XSD Specification}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_The_ORM_Studio_Database}{\*\bkmkend topic_The_ORM_Studio_Database}\s1\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul The Boston Database
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The Boston database contains a state of the art MetaModel of Fact-Based Modeling (FBM). The following help topics describe the tables and fields of the Fact-Based Modeling MetaModel within Boston.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 NB\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  Tables that are prefixed, 'MetaModel', are at the MetaMetaModel level of a 4-Layer Architecture when considering Languages interpreted from the Model (stored within the MetaModel) that are not ORM or FBM Models. Tables that are prefixed 'Model' are at the MetaModel level of a 4-Layer Architecture when considering Languages interpreted from the Model (stored within the MetaModel) that are not ORM or FBM Models.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The only Language currently supported by Boston is ORM. Allowing for a 4-Layer Architecture brings consistency between Boston and Viev's, 'Richmond', product (which supports Languages other than ORM to be stored within the same MetaModel).
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "Risk16x16.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 IMPORTANT \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Never delete the Model called, "LanguageEnglish", and with ModelId, "English", from the database backend.. This model is required by the Virtual Analyst functionality in Boston.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\line \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "Risk16x16.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 IMPORTANT \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Never delete the Model called, "Core", and with ModelId, "Core", from the database backend.. This model is required by Boston for future extensions including the creation of ER Diagrams within Boston.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs26\cf0 Technical Details
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The Boston database is a Microsoft Jet (MS Jet) database, and Boston uses the embeddable ADO.Net database engine to access the MS Jet database file.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs26\cf0 Release Details
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 This version of Boston has the following release details:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Boston application version:\tab v2.6
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Boston database version:\tab 1.16 (Database documentation is for version 1.0).\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Backing-Up_the_ORM_Studio_Data}{\*\bkmkend topic_Backing-Up_the_ORM_Studio_Data}\s2\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Backing-Up the ORM Studio Database
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 If your installation of Boston uses the Microsoft Jet database engine you can make regular and ad hoc backups of your Boston database from within Boston.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 To backup the Boston database, select the [Boston]->[Database]->[Backup Database] menu option.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 1. Boston will make a backup of the Boston database with a filename of the following format:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \tab ORMStudioYYYYMMDDHHNNSS.vdb
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx1365\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx20235\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\qr\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 YYYY\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0  - is the year of the database backup\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx1365\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx20235\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\qr\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 MM\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0  - is the month of the database backup\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx1365\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx20235\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\qr\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 DD\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0  - is the day of the month of the database backup\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx1365\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx20235\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\qr\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 HH\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0  - is the hour of the day of the database backup\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx1365\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx20235\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\qr\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 NN\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0  - is the minute of the hour of the day of the database backup\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx1365\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx20235\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\qr\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 SS\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0  - is the second of the minute of the hour of the day of the database backup\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \par\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_The_MetaModel_Database_Tables}{\*\bkmkend topic_The_MetaModel_Database_Tables}\s2\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul The MetaModel Database Tables
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The Boston MetaModel consists of 19 tables that store Models and MetaModels. The following is a list of the Boston MetaModel tables in the database:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\trowd\trgaph45\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx3270\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx20505\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\cbpat4\brdrbtw\brdrl\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf3\brdrw15\brdrt\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf3\brdrw15\brdrr\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf3\brdrw15\brdrb\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf3\brdrw15\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Table Name\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\cbpat4\brdrbtw\brdrl\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf3\brdrw15\brdrt\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf3\brdrw15\brdrr\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf3\brdrw15\brdrb\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf3\brdrw15\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Description\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph45\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx3270\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx20505\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 MetaModelConcept\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Stores the set of Concepts as utilised in Models in Boston.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph45\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx3270\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx20505\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 MetaModelEntityType\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Stores the set of Entity Types by Model\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph45\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx3270\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx20505\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 MetaModelFact\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Stores the set of Facts by Model\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph45\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx3270\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx20505\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 MetaModelFactData\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Stores the set of Fact Data by Fact, by Model\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph45\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx3270\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx20505\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 MetaModelFactType\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Stores the set of Fact Types by Model\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph45\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx3270\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx20505\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 MetaModelFactTypeReading\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Stores the set of Fact Type Readings by Fact Type, by Model\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph45\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx3270\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx20505\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 MetaModelModel\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Stores the set of Models in Boston\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph45\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx3270\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx20505\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 MetaModelModelDictionary\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Stores the set of Concepts utilised in a Model\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph45\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx3270\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx20505\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 MetaModelModelNote\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Stores the set of Model Notes by Model\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph45\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx3270\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx20505\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 MetaModelParentEntityType\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Stores the set of Supertypes by Entity Type, by Model\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph45\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx3270\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx20505\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 MetaModelPredicatePart\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Stores the set of Predicate Parts of Fact Type Readings by Model\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph45\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx3270\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx20505\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 MetaModelRole\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Stores the set of Roles by Fact Type, by Model\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph45\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx3270\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx20505\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 MetaModelRoleConstraint\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Stores the set of Role Constraints by Model\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph45\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx3270\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx20505\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 MetaModelRoleConstraintRole\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Stores the set of Roles referenced by a Role Constraint, by Model\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph45\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx3270\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx20505\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 MetaModelValueType\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Stores the set of Value Types by Model\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph45\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx3270\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx20505\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 MetaModelValueTypeConstraint\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Stores the set of Value Constraints for a Value Type, by Model\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph45\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx3270\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx20505\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 ModelConceptInstance\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Stores the Instance data for Concepts by Page, by Model\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph45\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx3270\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx20505\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 ModelLanguage\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Stores the set of Languages supported by Boston\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph45\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx3270\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx20505\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 ModelPage\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Stores the set of Pages by Model\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_The_MetaModelConcept_table}{\*\bkmkend topic_The_MetaModelConcept_table}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul The MetaModelConcept table
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The MetaModelConcept table stores the set of Concepts as utilised in Models in Boston.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\cbpat4\brdrbtw\brdrl\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrt\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrr\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrb\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Field\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\cbpat4\brdrbtw\brdrl\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrt\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrr\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrb\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0  Description\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Symbol\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The Symbol that represents the Concept. e.g. A Concept of type Person is represented by the Symbol, 'Person'.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl The 'Symbol' of a Concept may be a String, Binary Bit Stream, Number, Chinese Character, Japanese Kanji Character etc. 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl In the Boston MetaModel, the word 'runs' (for example) is thought of as a Symbol in its own right as if it were an idiomatic Symbol (which, of course, it conceptually is; only that in English that Concept is spelt using four characters rather than one).
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl i.e. The Boston MetaModel takes a 'nominalistic' approach to conceptual modeling.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Concepts_in_the_Richmond_datab}{\*\bkmkend topic_Concepts_in_the_Richmond_datab}\s4\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Concepts in the ORM Studio database
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Concepts are stored within the Boston database within a table called, 'MetaModelConcept'.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 The MetaModelConcept table has only one field called, 'Symbol', and stores a list of the Concepts/Symbols used in all Models within Boston.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 Concepts instances within the Boston database accumulate over time with the development of Models. Periodically, Concepts no longer used by any Model in Boston should be removed from the database.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f3\lang1033\fs18 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f2\b\fs26\cf0 Table Maintenance - MetaModelConcept
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 To remove unneeded Concepts from the database, open the [Boston] menu on the main Boston form and select [Database]->[Remove unneeded Concepts].
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 You will be presented with the Concept maintenance form.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "frmCRUDRemoveUnneededConcepts.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 To remove unneeded Concepts from the database click on the button [Remove unneeded Concepts]. This operation will not affect any existing Model in Boston or prevent the import of new Models.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f3\lang1033\fs18 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \par\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_The_MetaModelEntityType_table}{\*\bkmkend topic_The_MetaModelEntityType_table}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul The MetaModelEntityType table
\par\keepn
{\fs12\v {\xe {Reference Mode}}{\xe {Compound Reference Scheme}}}
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The MetaModelEntityType table stores the set of Entity Types utilised by a Model.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\cbpat4\brdrbtw\brdrl\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrt\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrr\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrb\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Field\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\cbpat4\brdrbtw\brdrl\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrt\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrr\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrb\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0  Description\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 ModelId\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The unique identifier of the Model to which the Model Element belongs.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 EntityTypeId\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The unique identifier of the Entity Type.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 EntityTypeName\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The name of the Entity Type.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 ValueTypeId\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 If the Entity Type has a Reference Mode which is not a Compound Reference Scheme, set to the unique identifier (ValueTypeId) of the Value Type that forms part of the Reference Scheme for the Entity Type, else this field is NULL.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 ReferenceMode\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 If the Entity Type has a Reference Mode which is not a Compound Reference Scheme, set the 'Reference Mode' of the Entity Type, else this field is NULL\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 PreferredIdentifierRCId\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Set to the unique identifier (RoleConstraintId) of the Role Constraint which forms part of the Reference Scheme for the Entity Type.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_The_MetaModelFact_table}{\*\bkmkend topic_The_MetaModelFact_table}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul The MetaModelFact table
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The MetaModelFact table stores the set of Facts in a Model.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\cbpat4\brdrbtw\brdrl\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrt\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrr\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrb\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Field\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\cbpat4\brdrbtw\brdrl\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrt\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrr\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrb\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0  Description\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 ModelId\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The unique identifier of the Model to which the Model Element belongs.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Symbol\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The unique identifier of the Fact.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 FactTypeId\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Foreign Key reference to the MetaModelFactType table.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 See also:\tab 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_The_MetaModelFactData_table" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul }}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_The_MetaModelFactData_table" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul The MetaModelFactData table}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_The_MetaModelFactType_table" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul The MetaModelFactType table}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_The_MetaModelFactData_table}{\*\bkmkend topic_The_MetaModelFactData_table}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul The MetaModelFactData table
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The MetaModelFactData table stores the data of a Fact.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\cbpat4\brdrbtw\brdrl\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrt\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrr\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrb\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Field\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\cbpat4\brdrbtw\brdrl\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrt\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrr\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrb\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0  Description\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 ModelId\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The unique identifier of the Model to which the Model Element belongs.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 FactTypeId\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Foreign Key reference to the MetaModelFactType table. The Fact Type to which the Fact Data belongs.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 FactSymbol\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Foreign Key reference to the MetaModelFact table. The Fact to which the Fact Data belongs.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 RoleId\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Foreign Key reference to the MetaModelRole table. The Role within the Fact Type to which the Fact Data belongs.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 ValueSymbol\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The data value of the Fact Data.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 See also:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_The_MetaModelFact_table" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul The MetaModelFact table}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_The_MetaModelFactType_table" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul The MetaModelFactType table}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_The_MetaModelFactType_table}{\*\bkmkend topic_The_MetaModelFactType_table}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul The MetaModelFactType table
\par\keepn
{\fs12\v {\xe {Reference Mode}}{\xe {Compound Reference Scheme}}}
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The MetaModelFactType table stores details of each Fact Type in a Model.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\cbpat4\brdrbtw\brdrl\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrt\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrr\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrb\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Field\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\cbpat4\brdrbtw\brdrl\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrt\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrr\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrb\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0  Description\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 ModelId\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The unique identifier of the Model to which the Model Element belongs.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 FactTypeId\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The unique identifier of the Fact Type.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 FactTypeName\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The name of the Fact Type.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 IsObjectified\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Set to True if the Fact Type is objectified, else set to False.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 IsCoreFactType\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Not used in this version of Boston. Provided for consistency with the Richmond product by Viev Pty Ltd\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 IsPreferredReferenceMode\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 If an Entity Type does not have a Compound Reference Scheme, set to True where the Fact Type is the Fact Type that contains the Role Constraint which defines the Reference Scheme for the Entity Type, else set to False.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl Used to hide Fact Types within the graphical user interface (GUI), where a Reference Scheme for an Entity Type (that does not have a Compound Reference Scheme) is not displayed to the user of the software.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 ObjectifyingEntityTypeId\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Set to the unique identifier of the Entity Type that is the Objectifying Entity Type of an Objectified Fact Type, else NULL\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 IsSubtypeFactType\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Set to True if the Fact Type is an Identity Fact Type that defines a Subtype Relationship between Object Types.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 See also:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_The_MetaModelFact_table" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul The MetaModelFact table}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_The_MetaModelFactData_table" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul The MetaModelFactData table}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_The_MetaModelRole_table" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul The MetaModelRole table}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_The_MetaModelFactTypeReading_t" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul The MetaModelFactTypeReading table}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_The_MetaModelPredicatePart_tab" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul The MetaModelPredicatePart table}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_The_MetaModelFactTypeReading_t}{\*\bkmkend topic_The_MetaModelFactTypeReading_t}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul The MetaModelFactTypeReading table
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The MetaModelFactTypeReading table stores details of each Fact Type Reading for a Fact Type.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\cbpat4\brdrbtw\brdrl\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrt\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrr\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrb\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Field\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\cbpat4\brdrbtw\brdrl\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrt\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrr\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrb\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0  Description\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 ModelId\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The unique identifier of the Model to which the Model Element belongs.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 FactTypeReadingId\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The unique identifier of the Fact Type Reading.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 FactTypeId\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Foreign Key reference to the  table. The Fact Type to which the Fact Type Reading belongs.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 See also:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_The_MetaModelFactType_table" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul The MetaModelFactType table}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_The_MetaModelPredicatePart_tab" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul The MetaModelPredicatePart table}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_The_MetaModelModel_table}{\*\bkmkend topic_The_MetaModelModel_table}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul The MetaModelModel table
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The MetaModelModel table stores details of a Model.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "Risk16x16.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 IMPORTANT \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Never delete the Model called, "English". This model is required by the Virtual Analyst functionality in Boston.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "Risk16x16.png" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 IMPORTANT \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Never delete the Model called, "Core". This model is required to create ER Diagrams or Property Graph Schemas in Boston.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\cbpat4\brdrbtw\brdrl\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrt\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrr\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrb\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Field\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\cbpat4\brdrbtw\brdrl\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrt\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrr\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrb\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0  Description\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 ModelId\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The unique identifier of the Model to which the Model Element belongs.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 ModelName\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The name of the Model.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 ShortDescription\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Not used in this version of Boston. A short description of the Model.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 LongDescription\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Not used in this version of Boston. A long description of the Model.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 EnterpriseId\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Not used in this version of Boston. Provided for consistency with the Richmond product by Viev Pty Ltd.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 SubjectAreaId\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Not used in this version of Boston. Provided for consistency with the Richmond product by Viev Pty Ltd.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 ProjectId\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Not used in this version of Boston. Provided for consistency with the Richmond product by Viev Pty Ltd.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 ProjectPhaseId\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Not used in this version of Boston. Provided for consistency with the Richmond product by Viev Pty Ltd.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 SolutionId\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Not used in this version of Boston. Provided for consistency with the Richmond product by Viev Pty Ltd.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 IsConceptualModel\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Not used in this version of Boston. Provided for consistency with the Richmond product by Viev Pty Ltd.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 IsPhysicalModel\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Not used in this version of Boston. Provided for consistency with the Richmond product by Viev Pty Ltd.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 IsNamespace\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Not used in this version of Boston. Provided for consistency with the Richmond product by Viev Pty Ltd.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 IsEnterpriseModel\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Not used in this version of Boston. Provided for consistency with the Richmond product by Viev Pty Ltd.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 TargetDatabaseType\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Not used in this version of Boston. Provided for consistency with the Richmond product by Viev Pty Ltd.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 TargetDatabaseConnectionString\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Not used in this version of Boston. Provided for consistency with the Richmond product by Viev Pty Ltd.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_The_Model_Dictionary_2}{\*\bkmkend topic_The_Model_Dictionary_2}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul The Model Dictionary (MetaModelModelDictionary table)
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Each Model in Boston has a Model Dictionary containing a set of the Concepts utilised by that Model. Each entry in the MetaModelModelDictionary table stores the Symbol of the Concept that the 'Dictionary Entry' represents and the Subtype of Concept that the Dictionary Entry represents (e.g. Entity Type, Value Type, Fact Type, Role Constraint, Model Note, Fact or Value).
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\cbpat4\brdrbtw\brdrl\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrt\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrr\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrb\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Field\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\cbpat4\brdrbtw\brdrl\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrt\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrr\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrb\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0  Description\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 ModelId\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The unique identifier of the Model to which the Model Element belongs.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Symbol\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The unique Symbol within the Model Dictionary. Foreign Key reference to the MetaModelConcept table.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 ShortDescription\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 A short description of the Model Element.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 LongDescription\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 A long description of the Model Element.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 IsEntityType\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Set to True if the value of 'Symbol' is a unique identifier for an Entity Type within the Model.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 IsValueType\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Set to True if the value of 'Symbol' is a unique identifier for a Value Type within the Model.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 IsFactType\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Set to True if the value of 'Symbol' is a unique identifier for a Fact Type within the Model.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 IsFact\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Set to True if the value of 'Symbol' is a unique identifier for a Fact within the Model.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 IsValue\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Set to True if the value of 'Symbol' is a unique identifier for a Value within the Model.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 IsRoleConstraint\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Set to True if the value of 'Symbol' is a unique identifier for a Role Constraint within the Model.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 IsModelNote\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Set to True if the value of 'Symbol' is a unique identifier for a Model Note within the Model.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_The_MetaModelModelNote_table}{\*\bkmkend topic_The_MetaModelModelNote_table}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul The MetaModelModelNote table
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The MetaModelModelNote table stores details of Model Notes.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\cbpat4\brdrbtw\brdrl\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrt\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrr\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrb\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Field\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\cbpat4\brdrbtw\brdrl\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrt\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrr\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrb\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0  Description\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 ModelNoteId\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The unique identifier of the Model Note.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 NB\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  To find which ModelNotes are within a Model, search the MetaModelModelDictionary table.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Note\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The note text of the Model Note.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 JoinedObjectTypeId\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The unique identifier of the Object Type joined to the Model Note when displaying the Model Note within the GUI.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl Represents the Object Type to which the Model Note applies.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_The_MetaModelParentEntityType_}{\*\bkmkend topic_The_MetaModelParentEntityType_}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul The MetaModelParentEntityType table
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The MetaModelParentEntityType table stores details of the supertypes of subtypes within the Model.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\cbpat4\brdrbtw\brdrl\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrt\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrr\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrb\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Field\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\cbpat4\brdrbtw\brdrl\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrt\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrr\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrb\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0  Description\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 ModelId\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The unique identifier of the Model to which the Model Element belongs.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 EntityTypeId\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Foreign Key reference to the MetaModelEntityType table. The Entity Type that is a Subtype of another Object Type.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 ParentEntityTypeId\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Foreign Key reference to the MetaModelEntityType table. The Entity Type that is the Supertype of the Entity Type identified by the value in the 'EntityTypeId' field of this table.
\line \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 NB\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  May be the unique identifier of the Objectifying Entity Type of a Fact Type.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 SubtypingFactTypeId\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Foreign Key reference to the MetaModelFactType table. Represents the Fact Type that provides the Identity Relationship between the Subtype and the Supertype.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 See also:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_The_MetaModelEntityType_table" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul The MetaModelEntityType table}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_The_MetaModelPredicatePart_tab}{\*\bkmkend topic_The_MetaModelPredicatePart_tab}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul The MetaModelPredicatePart table
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The MetaModelPredicatePart table stores details of the Predicate Parts of a Fact Type Reading.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\cbpat4\brdrbtw\brdrl\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrt\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrr\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrb\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Field\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\cbpat4\brdrbtw\brdrl\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrt\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrr\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrb\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0  Description\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 ModelId\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The unique identifier of the Model to which the Model Element belongs.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 FactTypeReadingId\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Foreign Key reference to the MetaModelFactTypeReading table. The Fact Type Reading to which the Predicate Part belongs.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 SequenceNr\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The ordinal position of the Predicate Part within the set of Predicate Parts for a Fact Type Reading.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl e.g. in the predicate, "Part is in Bin in Warehouse", the Predicate Part, 'is in', is the first in the sequence of Predicate Parts, and this field will have a value of '1'.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Symbol1\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The unique identifier of the Object Type joined by the Role of the Fact Type to which the Fact Type Reading applies, and to which this Predicate Part applies.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl e.g. In the predicate, 'Part is in Bin in Warehouse', the first Predicate Part in the sequence of Predicate Parts for the predicate will have a value set to 'Part' for this field.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Symbol2\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The unique identifier of the Object Type joined by the Role of the Fact Type to which the Fact Type Reading applies, and to which this Predicate Part applies.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl e.g. In the predicate, 'Part is in Bin in Warehouse', the first Predicate Part in the sequence of Predicate Parts for the predicate will have a value set to 'Bin' for this field.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 PredicatePartText\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The part of the predicate represented by this Predicate Part.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl e.g. In the predicate, 'Part is in Bin in Warehouse', the first Predicate Part in the sequence of Predicate Parts for the predicate will have a value set to 'is in' for this field.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 See also:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_The_MetaModelFactTypeReading_t" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul The MetaModelFactTypeReading table}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_The_MetaModelFactType_table" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul The MetaModelFactType table}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_The_MetaModelRole_table}{\*\bkmkend topic_The_MetaModelRole_table}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul The MetaModelRole table
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The MetaModelRole table stores details about the Roles of a Fact Type.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\cbpat4\brdrbtw\brdrl\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrt\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrr\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrb\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Field\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\cbpat4\brdrbtw\brdrl\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrt\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrr\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrb\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0  Description\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 ModelId\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The unique identifier of the Model to which the Model Element belongs.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 RoleId\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The unique identifier of the Role.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 RoleName\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 If the Role has a Role Name, set to the 'Role Name' of the Role, else NULL.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 FactTypeId\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Foreign Key reference to the Fact Type table. The Fact Type to which the Role belongs.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 PartOfKey\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Not used in this version of Boston.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Cardinality\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Not used in this version of Boston.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 SequenceNr\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The ordinal position of the Role within the set of Roles of a Fact Type. Especially used in Binary Fact Types that have Ring Constraints.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 JoinsEntityTypeId\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 If the Role is hosted by an Entity Type, the unique identifier of the Entity Type that hosts the Role.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 JoinsValueTypeId\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 If the Role is hosted by a Value Type, the unique identifier of the Value Type that hosts the Role.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 JoinsNestedFactTypeId\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 If the Role is hosted by a Fact Type, the unique identifier of the Fact Type that hosts the Role.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 TypeOfJoin\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 '1' if the Role is hosted by an Entity Type;
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl '2' if the Role is hosted by a Value Type; or
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl '3' if the Role is hosted by a Fact Type.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 IsMandatory\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Set to True if the Role is Mandatory, else set to False.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 See also:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_The_MetaModelFactType_table" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul The MetaModelFactType table}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_The_MetaModelRoleConstraint_ta}{\*\bkmkend topic_The_MetaModelRoleConstraint_ta}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul The MetaModelRoleConstraint table
\par\keepn
{\fs12\v {\xe {Internal Uniqueness Constraint}}}
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The MetaModelRoleConstraint table stores details of Role Constraints.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\cbpat4\brdrbtw\brdrl\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrt\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrr\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrb\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Field\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\cbpat4\brdrbtw\brdrl\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrt\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrr\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrb\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0  Description\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 ModelId\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The unique identifier of the Model to which the Model Element belongs.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 RoleConstraintId\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The unique identifier of the Role Constraint.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 RoleConstraintName\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The name of the Role Constraint.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 RoleConstraintType\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 The type of Role Constraint represented by the element.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 RingConstraintType\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 If the RoleConstraintType attribute of the Role Constraint element has a value of \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \lquote \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 RingConstraint\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \rquote \plain \f2\fs20\cf0  then this attribute has a value of the type of Ring Constraint.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 LevelNr\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 If the RoleConstraint is an, 'InternalUniquenessConstraint', then set to the displaying 'Level' in the hierarchy of Internal Uniqueness Constraints for the Fact Type to which the Role Constraint applies.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 IsPreferredUniqueness\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 Has a value set to \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \lquote \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 true\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \rquote \plain \f2\fs20\cf0  if the Role Constraint represented by the element represents the \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \lquote \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 Preferred Identification Scheme\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \rquote \plain \f2\fs20\cf0  for an Entity Type.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 IsDeontic\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 Has a value set to \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \lquote \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 true\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \rquote \plain \f2\fs20\cf0  if the Role Constraint is \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \lquote \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 Deontic\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \rquote \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 , else has a value set to \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \lquote \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 false\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \rquote \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 .\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 MinimumFrequencyCount\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 If the RoleConsrtaintType attribute has a value of \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \lquote \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 FrequencyConstraint\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \rquote \plain \f2\fs20\cf0  then this attribute has a value set to the minimum in the range of the Frequency Constraint.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 MaximumFrequencyCount\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 If the RoleConsrtaintType attribute has a value of \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \lquote \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 FrequencyConstraint\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \rquote \plain \f2\fs20\cf0  then this attribute has a value set to the maximum in the range of the Frequency Constraint.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Cardinality\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 CardinalityRangeType\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 See also:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_The_MetaModelRoleConstraintRol" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul The MetaModelRoleConstraintRole table}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_The_MetaModelRoleConstraintRol}{\*\bkmkend topic_The_MetaModelRoleConstraintRol}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul The MetaModelRoleConstraintRole table
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The MetaModelRoleConstraintRole table stores details of the Roles linked by a Role Constraint.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\cbpat4\brdrbtw\brdrl\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrt\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrr\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrb\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Field\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\cbpat4\brdrbtw\brdrl\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrt\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrr\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrb\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0  Description\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 ModelId\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The unique identifier of the Model to which the Model Element belongs.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 RoleConstraintId\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Foreign Key reference to the MetaModelRoleConstraint table. The Role Constraint to which the reference to a 'Role' of that Role Constraint applies.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 RoleId\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Foreign Key reference to the MetaModelRole table. The Role referenced by the Role Constraint identified in the field, 'RoleConstraintId'.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 SequenceNr\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 The ordinal position of the RoleConstraintRole within the sequence of RoleConstraintRole elements for a RoleConstraint.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 IsEntry\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 Used only for SubsetConstraint, RoleConstraints.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl Has a value set to \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \lquote \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 true\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \rquote \plain \f2\fs20\cf0  is the RoleConstraintRole element represents a RoleConstaint/Role link that is the \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \lquote \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 Entry\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \rquote \plain \f2\fs20\cf0  link of a \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \lquote \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 Entry/Exit\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \rquote \plain \f2\fs20\cf0  combination of RoleConstraint/Role links, else has a value set to \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \lquote \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 false\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \rquote \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 .
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl e.g. If a link to a Role from a RoleConstraint is an \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \lquote \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 Entry\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \rquote \plain \f2\fs20\cf0  link of a Subset Constraint, the values of Instances referenced by that Role are the subset of Instances referenced by the Role of a corresponding RoleConstraint/Role link that is an \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \lquote \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 Exit\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \rquote \plain \f2\fs20\cf0  link.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 IsExit\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 Used only for SubsetConstraint, RoleConstraints.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl Has a value set to \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \lquote T\plain \f2\fs20\cf0 rue\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \rquote \plain \f2\fs20\cf0  is the RoleConstraintRole element represents a RoleConstaint/Role link that is the \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \lquote \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 Exit\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \rquote \plain \f2\fs20\cf0  link of a \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \lquote \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 Entry/Exit\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \rquote \plain \f2\fs20\cf0  combination of RoleConstraint/Role links, else has a value set to \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \lquote F\plain \f2\fs20\cf0 alse\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \rquote \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 .\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 See also:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_The_MetaModelRoleConstraint_ta" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul The MetaModelRoleConstraint table}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_The_MetaModelValueType_table}{\*\bkmkend topic_The_MetaModelValueType_table}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul The MetaModelValueType table
\par\keepn
{\fs12\v {\xe {Value Type}}}
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The MetaModelValueType table stores details of Value Types.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\cbpat4\brdrbtw\brdrl\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrt\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrr\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrb\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Field\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\cbpat4\brdrbtw\brdrl\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrt\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrr\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrb\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0  Description\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 ModelId\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The unique identifier of the Model to which the Model Element belongs.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 ValueTypeId\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The unique identifier of the Value Type.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 ValueTypeName\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The name of the Value Type.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 DataType\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The Data Type of the Value Type.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 See also:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_The_MetaModelValueTypeConstrai" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul The MetaModelValueTypeConstraint table}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_The_MetaModelValueTypeConstrai}{\*\bkmkend topic_The_MetaModelValueTypeConstrai}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul The MetaModelValueTypeConstraint table
\par\keepn
{\fs12\v {\xe {Value Type}}}
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The MetaModelValueTypeConstraint table stores details of Value Type Constraints.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\cbpat4\brdrbtw\brdrl\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrt\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrr\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrb\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Field\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\cbpat4\brdrbtw\brdrl\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrt\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrr\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrb\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0  Description\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 ModelId\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The unique identifier of the Model to which the Model Element belongs.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 ValueTypeId\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Foreign Key reference to the MetaModelValueType table. The Value Type for which the Value Type Constraint applies.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Symbol\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 If the Value Constraint is not a range of values, the unique data value within the set of values that constrain the values of the referenced Value Type.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 NB\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  Value ranges are stored as text in the following format, "\{1..n\}"\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 See also:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_The_MetaModelValueType_table" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul The MetaModelValueType table}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_The_ModelConceptInstance_table}{\*\bkmkend topic_The_ModelConceptInstance_table}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul The ModelConceptInstance table
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The ModelConceptInstance table stores the set of Concepts (identified by their 'Symbol') that appear on a Page within a Model.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx4688\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx37852\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\cbpat4\brdrbtw\brdrl\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrt\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrr\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrb\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Field\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\cbpat4\brdrbtw\brdrl\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrt\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrr\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrb\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Data Type\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\cbpat4\brdrbtw\brdrl\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrt\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrr\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrb\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0  Description\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx4688\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx37852\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 ModelId\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The unique identifier of the Model to which the Model Element belongs.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx4688\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx37852\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 PageId\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Foreign Key reference to the Page table. The Page for which the Model Element is included on that Page within the Model.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx4688\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx37852\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Symbol\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The unique identifier of the Model Element included on the Page within the Model.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx4688\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx37852\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 ConceptType\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The Concept Type of the Model Element included on the Page within the Model.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx4688\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx37852\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 RoleId\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Text\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Where the 'ConceptType' of the Model Element is 'RoleName' or 'Value', set to the RoleId of the corresponding 'Role Name' or the 'Fact Data' to which the Model Element belongs.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx4688\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx37852\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 X\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Number\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The X-Coordinate of the Model Object as it appears on the Page within the Model. i.e. Within the GUI interface displaying the Page, the Y-Coordinate of the Model Element.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 NB\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  Where the X-Coordinate of the Model Element is not required to display the Model Element within the Page, set to '0'.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx4688\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx37852\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Y\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Number\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The Y-Coordinate of the Model Object as it appears on the Page within the Model. i.e. Within the GUI interface displaying the Page, the Y-Coordinate of the Model Element.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 NB\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  Where the X-Coordinate of the Model Element is not required to display the Model Element within the Page, set to '0'.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx4688\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx37852\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Orientation\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Number\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Not used by this version of Boston. Always set to '100' (Horizontal) in this version of Boston.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx4688\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx37852\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 IsVisible\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Boolean\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Not used by this version of Boston. Always set to False in this version of Boston.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 See also:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_The_ModelPage_table" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul The ModelPage table}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \par\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_The_ModelLanguage_table}{\*\bkmkend topic_The_ModelLanguage_table}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul The ModelLanguage table
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The ModelLanguage table stores details about Languages.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 "Pages" in Boston are interpreted by their language. ORM Models/Diagrams are displayed as ORM Diagrams within Boston because they are interpreted as ORM Diagrams. Each 'Page' is flagged as to the language of interpretation.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 In this version of Boston, all Pages are interpreted as ORM Models/Diagrams.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\cbpat4\brdrbtw\brdrl\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrt\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrr\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrb\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Field\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\cbpat4\brdrbtw\brdrl\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrt\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrr\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrb\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0  Description\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 LanguageId\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The unique identifier of the Language\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 LanguageName\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The name of the Language. e.g. "ORM Model", "ER Diagram", "English"\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 IsNaturalLanguage\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Set to True if the Language is a naturally spoken Language by people.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 See also:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\field {\*\fldinst\noproof HYPERLINK \\l "topic_The_ModelPage_table" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul The ModelPage table}}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_The_ModelPage_table}{\*\bkmkend topic_The_ModelPage_table}\s3\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul The ModelPage table
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The ModelPage table stores details about each 'Page' within a Model.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\cbpat4\brdrbtw\brdrl\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrt\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrr\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrb\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Field\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\cbpat4\brdrbtw\brdrl\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrt\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrr\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\brdrb\brsp0\brdrs\brdrcf0\brdrw15\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0  Description\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 PageId\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The unique identifier of the Page.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 PageName\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The name of the Page.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 ModelId\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The unique identifier of the Model to which the Page belongs.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 LanguageId\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Foreign Key Reference to the ModelLanguage table. Represents the Language that should be used to interpret Models stored within the MetaModel.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 NB\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  This version of Boston only supports the interpretation of ORM Models from the MetaModel.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 IsCoreModelPage\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Not used in this version of Boston. Provided for consistency with the Richmond product by Viev Pty Ltd.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph52\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl45\trpaddt45\trpaddr45\trpaddb45\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3008\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx20438\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 ShowFacts\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Set to True if the Fact Table of Facts is to be displayed to the user on loading of the Page within the graphical user interface (GUI).\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \par\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_The_ORM_Graphical_Notation}{\*\bkmkend topic_The_ORM_Graphical_Notation}\s1\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul The ORM Graphical Notation
\par\keepn
{\fs12\v {\xe {Value type}}{\xe {Internal uniqueness constraint}}}
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following table provides a lexicon of the ORM Graphical Notation.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 This lexicon has kindly been provided by its author Dr Terry Halpin and remains the copyright of Dr Halpin (2015). Dr Halpin provided the formalisation of ORM in its first incarnation as output of Dr Halpin's PhD thesis.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 This lexicon covers the constructs of ORMv2.
\line 
\line Dr Halpin's PhD thesis and more information about ORM can be found on Dr Halpin's website dedicated to ORM: \plain \f1\fs20\cf1 {\field {\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.orm.net" }{\fldrslt www.orm.net}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3000\trftsWidth2\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx5325\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx8025\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\cbpat4\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\b\i\lang1033\fs24 Construct and Examples\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\cbpat4\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\b\i\lang1033\fs24 Description/Notes\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3000\trftsWidth2\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx5325\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx8025\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\b\fs20\cf0 Entity type
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "embim5.wmf" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 Named soft rectangle, named hard rectangle, or
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl named ellipse. The soft rectangle shape is the default.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3000\trftsWidth2\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx5325\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx8025\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\b\fs20\cf0 Value type
\line \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "embim6.wmf" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 Named, dashed, soft rectangle (or hard rectangle or ellipse).\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3000\trftsWidth2\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx5325\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx8025\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\b\fs20\cf0 Entity type with popular reference mode
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "embim7.wmf" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 Abbreviation for injective reference relationship to value type, e.g.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "embim8.wmf" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 \cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3000\trftsWidth2\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx5325\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx8025\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\b\fs20\cf0 Entity type with unit-based reference mode
\line \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "embim9.wmf" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "embim10.bmp" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 Abbreviation for reference fact type, e.g.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "embim11.wmf" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl Optionally, the unit type may be displayed (as shown opposite).\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3000\trftsWidth2\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx5325\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx8025\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\b\fs20\cf0 Entity type with general reference mode
\line \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "embim12.wmf" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 Abbreviation for reference fact types, e.g.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "embim13.wmf" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3000\trftsWidth2\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx5325\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx8025\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\b\fs20\cf0 Independent object type
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "embim14.wmf" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 Instances of the type may exist, without playing any elementary fact roles.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3000\trftsWidth2\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx5325\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx8025\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\b\fs20\cf0 External object type
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "embim15.wmf" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 Object type is defined in another model. This notation is tentative (yet to be finalized)\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3000\trftsWidth2\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx5325\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx8025\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\b\fs20\cf0 Predicate (unary, binary, ternary, etc.)
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "embim16.bmp" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 Ordered set of 1 or more role boxes with at least one predicate reading in mixfix notation. If shown, object placeholders are denoted by \'93\'85\'94. If placeholders are not shown, unaries are in prefix and binaries are in infix notation\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3000\trftsWidth2\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx5325\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx8025\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\b\fs20\cf0 Duplicate type or predicate shape
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "embim17.wmf" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 If an object type or predicate shape is displayed more than once (on the same page or different pages) it is shadowed.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3000\trftsWidth2\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx5325\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx8025\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\b\fs20\cf0 Unary fact type
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "embim18.wmf" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 Attaching a role box to an object type shape mean that only instances of that object type may play that role (e.g. here, the smokes role may be played by instances of the Person object type). A role name may be added in square brackets.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3000\trftsWidth2\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx5325\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx8025\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\b\fs20\cf0 Binary fact type
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "embim19.wmf" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 By default, predicate readings (binary or longer) are read left-to-right or top-to-bottom. An arrow-tip is used to display a different reading direction. Role names may be displayed in square brackets beside their role. Forward and inverse readings for binaries may be shown together, separated by \'93/\'94.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3000\trftsWidth2\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx5325\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx8025\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\b\fs20\cf0 Ternary fact type
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri45\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "embim20.wmf" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri45\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 Role names may be added in square brackets. Arrow-tips are used to reverse the default left-right or top-down reading order. Reading orders other than forward and reverse are shown using named placeholders.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3000\trftsWidth2\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx5325\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx8025\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\b\fs20\cf0 Quaternary fact type
\line 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "embim21.wmf" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\lang1033\fs20 The above notes for the ternary case apply here also. Fact types of higher arity (number of roles) are also permitted.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3000\trftsWidth2\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx5325\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx8025\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\b\fs20\cf0 Objectification
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "embim22.wmf" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 The enrolment fact type is objectified as an entity type whose instances can play roles. In this example, the objectification type is independent, so we can know about an enrolment before the grade is obtained.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3000\trftsWidth2\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx5325\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx8025\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\b\fs20\cf0 Internal uniqueness constraint (UC) on unary
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "embim23.wmf" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 These examples are equivalent. By default, fact types are assumed to be populated with sets of facts (not bags of facts), so no whole fact may be duplicated.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3000\trftsWidth2\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx5325\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx8025\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\b\fs20\cf0 Internal UCs on a binary fact type
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "embim24.wmf" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\lang1033\fs20 The examples show the 4 possible patterns: 1:n (one-to-many); n:1 (many-to-one); m:n (many-to-many); 1:1 (one-to-one)\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3000\trftsWidth2\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx5325\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx8025\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\b\fs20\cf0 Internal UCs on ternaries
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "embim25.wmf" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 The first example has two, 2-role UCs: the top UC forbids ties; the other UC ensures that each team gets only place per competition (a dotted line excludes its role from the UC). The second example has a spanning UC (many-to-many-to-many). For an n-ary (n > 2) fact type to be atomic, each UC on it must span at least n-1 roles.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3000\trftsWidth2\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx5325\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx8025\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\b\fs20\cf0 Simple mandatory role constraint
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "embim26.wmf" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 The example constraint means that each person was born in some country. The mandatory role dot may be placed at either end of the role connector.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3000\trftsWidth2\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx5325\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx8025\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\b\fs20\cf0 Inclusive-or constraint
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "embim27.wmf" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 An inclusive-or constraint is also called a disjunctive mandatory role constraint. The constraint is displayed as a circled dot connected to the constrained roles. The example constraint means that each visitor referenced in the model must have a passport or a driver licence (or both). \cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3000\trftsWidth2\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx5325\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx8025\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\b\fs20\cf0 Preferred internal UC
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "embim28.wmf" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\b\fs20\cf0 \cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 A double bar on a UC indicates it underlies the preferred reference scheme\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3000\trftsWidth2\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx5325\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx8025\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\b\fs20\cf0 External UC
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "embim29.wmf" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 A double-bar indicates that the constrained roles provide the preferred reference for the object type at the other end. Here, each state is primarily identified by combining its country and state code. Each combination of country and state name also applies to only one state. \cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3000\trftsWidth2\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx5325\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx8025\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\b\fs20\cf0 Object type value constraint
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "embim30.wmf" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\b\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "embim31.bmp" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\b\fs20\cf0 \cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 The allowed values may be specified as a list of discrete values and/or value ranges. The two examples shown opposite specify an enumerated list of values.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl Ranges are inclusive of end values by default. Round brackets are used to exclude an end value. Square brackets may be added to explicitly declare inclusion, e.g. the constraint on PositiveScore may also be specified as \{(0..100]\}.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl Multiple combinations may also be specified.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3000\trftsWidth2\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx5325\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx8025\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\b\fs20\cf0 Role value constraint
\par \pard\sl276\slmult1\fi-4365\li4365\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\b\lang1033\fs20 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "embim32.wmf" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 As for object type value constraints, but connected to the constrained role. Here, an age of a person must be at most 140 years.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3000\trftsWidth2\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx5325\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx8025\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\b\fs20\cf0 Subset constraint
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "embim33.wmf" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 The arrow points from the subset end to the superset end (e.g. if a person smokes then that person is cancer prone). The role sequences at both ends must be compatible. A connection to the junction of 2 roles constrains that role pair.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3000\trftsWidth2\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx5325\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx8025\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\b\fs20\cf0 Join subset constraint
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "embim34.wmf" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 The constrained role pair at the superset end is projected from a role path that involves a conceptual join on Language. The constraint declares that if an advisor serves in a country then that advisor must speak a language that is often used in that country.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3000\trftsWidth2\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx5325\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx8025\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\b\fs20\cf0 Exclusion constraint
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "embim35.wmf" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\b\fs20\cf0 \cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 These exclusion constraints mean that no person is both married and widowed, and no person reviewed and authored the same book. Exclusion may apply between 2 or more compatible role sequences, possibly involving joins.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3000\trftsWidth2\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx5325\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx8025\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\b\fs20\cf0 Exclusive-or constraint
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "embim36.wmf" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 An exclusive-or constraint is simply the conjunction of an inclusive-or constraint and an exclusion constraint. Also known as an xor constraint.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3000\trftsWidth2\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx5325\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx8025\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\b\fs20\cf0 Equality constraint
\line 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "embim37.wmf" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\b\fs20\cf0 \cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\lang1033\fs20 This equality constraint means that a patient\plain \f1\lang1033\fs20 \rquote \plain \f1\lang1033\fs20 s systolic BP is recorded if and only if his/her diastolic BP is recorded. An equality constraint may apply between 2 or more compatible role sequences, possibly involving joins.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3000\trftsWidth2\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx5325\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx8025\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\b\fs20\cf0 Derived fact type, and derivation rule
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "embim38.wmf" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 A fact type is either asserted, derived, or semiderived. A derived fact type is marked with an asterisk \'93*\'94. A derivation rule is supplied. A double asterisk \'93**\'94 indicates derived and stored (eager evaluation).\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3000\trftsWidth2\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx5325\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx8025\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\b\fs20\cf0 Semiderived fact type, and derivation rule
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "embim39.wmf" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 A fact type is semiderived if some of its instances may be derived, and some of its instances may be simply asserted. It is marked by \'93+\'94 (half an asterisk). \'93++\'94indicates semiderived and stored (eager evaluation for derived instances).\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3000\trftsWidth2\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx5325\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx8025\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\b\fs20\cf0 Subtyping
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "embim40.wmf" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 All subtypes are proper subtypes. An arrow runs from subtype to supertype. A solid arrow indicates a path to the subtype\plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \rquote \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 s preferred identifier (e.g. here, student employees are primarily identified by their employee number). A dashed arrow indicates the supertype has a different preferred identifier.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3000\trftsWidth2\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx5325\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx8025\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\b\fs20\cf0 Subtyping constraints
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "embim41.wmf" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 A circled \'93X\'94 indicates the subtypes are mutually exclusive. A circled dot indicates the supertype equals the union of the subtypes. The combination (xor constraint) indicates the subtypes partition the supertype (exclusive and exhaustive).\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3000\trftsWidth2\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx5325\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx8025\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\b\fs20\cf0 Subtype derivation status
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "embim42.wmf" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 A subtype may be asserted, derived (denoted by \'93*\'94), or semiderived (denoted by \'93+\'94). If the subtype is asserted, it has no mark appended and has no derivation rule. If the subtype derived or semiderived, a derivation rule is supplied.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3000\trftsWidth2\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx5325\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx8025\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 Internal frequency constraint
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "embim43.wmf" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 This constrains the number of times an occurring instance of a role or role sequence may appear in each population. Here: each jury has exactly 12 members; each panel that includes an expert includes at least 4 and at most 7 experts; each expert reviews at most 5 papers; each paper that is reviewed is reviewed by at least 2 experts; and each department and year that has staff numbers recorded in the quaternary appears there twice (once for each gender).\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3000\trftsWidth2\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx5325\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx8025\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\b\fs20\cf0 External frequency constraint
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "embim44.wmf" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 The example external frequency constraint has the following meaning. In this context, each combination of student and course relates to at most two enrolments (i.e. a student may enroll at most twice in the same course)\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3000\trftsWidth2\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx5325\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx8025\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\b\fs20\cf0 Value-comparison constraint
\par \pard\sl276\slmult1\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\lang1033\fs22 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "embim45.wmf" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 The example value-comparison constraint verbalizes as: For each Project, existing enddate >= startdate.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3000\trftsWidth2\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx5325\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx8025\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\b\fs20\cf0 Object cardinality constraint'
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "embim46.wmf" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 The example constraints ensure there is exactly one president and at most 100 senators (at any given time).\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3000\trftsWidth2\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx5325\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx8025\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\b\fs20\cf0 Role cardinality constraint
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "embim47.wmf" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 The example constraint ensures that at most one politician is the president (at any given time).\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3000\trftsWidth2\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx5325\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx8025\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\b\fs20\cf0 Ring constraints
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "embim48.wmf" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\sl276\slmult1\fi-4365\li4365\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\b\lang1033\fs20 
\par \pard\sl276\slmult1\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\lang1033\fs20 E.g. 
\par \pard\sl276\slmult1\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "embim49.wmf" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\sl276\slmult1\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 A ring predicate R is locally reflexive if and only if, for all x and y, xRy implies xRx. E.g. \'93knows\'94 is locally but not globally reflexive. Reflexive, symmetric and transitive properties may also be enforced using semiderivation rather than by constraining asserted fact types. 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl The example constrains the subtyping relationship in ORM to be both acyclic (no cycles can be formed by a chain of subtyping connections) and strongly intransitive (no object type A can be both a direct subtype of another type B and an indirect subtype of B, where indirect subtyping means there is a chain of two or more subtyping relationships that lead from A to B). 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl Ring constraints may be combined only if they are compatible, and one is not implied by the other. ORM tools ensure that only legal combinations are allowed\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3000\trftsWidth2\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx5325\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx8025\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\b\fs20\cf0 Deontic constraints
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "embim50.wmf" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 Unlike alethic constraints, deontic constraint shapes are colored blue rather than violet. Most include \'93o\'94 for \'93obligatory\'94. Deontic ring constraints instead use dashed lines.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl In the parenthood example, the alethic frequency constraint ensures that each person has at most two parents, the alethic ring constraint ensures that parenthood is acyclic, and the deontic ring constraint makes it obligatory for parenthood to be strongly intransitive. \cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3000\trftsWidth2\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx5325\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx8025\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\b\fs20\cf0 Textual constraints
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "embim51.bmp" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 \cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 Textual constraints are also known as ad hoc constraints. First-order constraints with no graphic notation may be expressed textually in the FORML 2 language. These examples use footnoting to capture a restricted uniqueness constraint and a restricted mandatory role constraint\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph0\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3000\trftsWidth2\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx5325\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx8025\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\b\fs20\cf0 Objectification display options
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "embim52.wmf" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\lang1033\fs20 Internally, link fact types connect objectified associations to their component object types. By default, display of link fact types is suppressed. If displayed, link predicate shapes use dashed lines instead of solid lines. Objectification object types may also be displayed without their defining components, using an object type shape containing a small predicate shape, as shown in this Enrolment example.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f4\lang1041\fs20 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \par\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Resources}{\*\bkmkend topic_Resources}\s1\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Resources
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following are links to sites that provide more information on Object Role Modeling:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\trowd\trgaph8\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\clftsWidth1\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3908\clftsWidth1\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx7822\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\cbpat4\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 Site\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\cbpat4\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 Link\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph8\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\clftsWidth1\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3908\clftsWidth1\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx7822\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Object Role Modeling - Overview and papers by Dr Terry Halpin\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 {\field {\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.orm.net" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul http://www.orm.net}}}\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph8\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\clftsWidth1\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3908\clftsWidth1\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx7822\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The ORM Foundation - Papers and user community dedicated to ORM\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 {\field {\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.ormfoundation.org" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul http://www.ormfoundation.org}}}\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph8\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\clftsWidth1\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3908\clftsWidth1\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx7822\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The Fact-Based Modeling Working Group - A group dedicated to the standardisation of Fact-Based Modeling.\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 {\field {\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.factbasedmodeling.org" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul http://www.factbasedmodeling.org}}}\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph8\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl0\trpaddt0\trpaddr0\trpaddb0\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\clftsWidth1\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx3908\clftsWidth1\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx7822\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0  Wikipedia article on Object Role Modeling\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 {\field {\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Object-role_modeling" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Object-role_modeling}}}\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs26\cf0 Textbooks on ORM
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following lists textbooks available on Object-Role Modeling and links to purchase the texts.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\trowd\trgaph75\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl75\trpaddt75\trpaddr75\trpaddb75\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx3195\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx7845\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "ORMFundamentals.zoom50.jpg.bmp" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Purchase this text at Amazon:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl {\field {\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/1634620747/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&camp=1789&creative=9325&creativeASIN=1634620747&linkCode=as2&tag=viev-20&linkId=EUAZ3NS3L47UMVIA" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Object-Role Modeling Fundamentals}}}\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph75\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl75\trpaddt75\trpaddr75\trpaddb75\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl0\trspdr0\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trwWidth3750\trftsWidth2\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx3195\clwWidth0\clcbpat-1\cellx7845\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\b\fs16\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl {\field{\*\fldinst{INCLUDEPICTURE "InformationModelingAndRelationalDatabases.zoom56.jpg.bmp" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d}}}\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Purchase this text on Amazon:
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl {\field {\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0123735688/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&camp=1789&creative=9325&creativeASIN=0123735688&linkCode=as2&tag=viev-20&linkId=LF4WZIWW3VJYA4JY" }{\fldrslt {\cf1\ul Information Modeling and Relational Databases - Second Edition}}}\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \tab 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0  \par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Support}{\*\bkmkend topic_Support}\s1\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Support
\par\keepn
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 If you cannot find what you need within this help manual, please contact Viev support at: \plain \f1\fs20\cf1 {\field {\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "mailto:support@viev.com" }{\fldrslt support@viev.com}}\par\pard
\par \pard\plain {\*\bkmkstart topic_Glossary}{\*\bkmkend topic_Glossary}\s1\keepn\tx1200\f0\lang1252\fs24\cf0\b\ul Glossary
\par\keepn
{\fs12\v {\xe {Model Element}}{\xe {Role Constraint}}{\xe {Value Type}}{\xe {Internal Uniqueness Constraint}}{\xe {Total Internal Uniqueness Constraint}}}
\par \plain \keepn\f0\fs20 

\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 The following is a glossary of the terms that you may find in this help. 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 \plain \f1\b\fs20\cf0 NB\plain \f1\fs20\cf0  Those terms that are specific to Viev are marked "[Term] is a term used by Viev" (e.g. Model Element).
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap0 {\trowd\trgaph68\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl60\trpaddt60\trpaddr60\trpaddb60\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt0\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx2948\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx18368\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\cbpat4\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\b\fs20\cf0 Term\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\qc\ri0\sb0\sa0\cbpat4\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\b\fs20\cf0 Description\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph68\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl60\trpaddt60\trpaddr60\trpaddb60\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx2948\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx18368\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 Emptying (a Model)\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Boston uses the term, 'Emptying', to describe the process of programmatically removing all the Model Elements from within an ORM Model. The end result is an ORM Model purged of all Model Elements, or an 'Empty' ORM Model. i.e. Models may exist with no Model Elements, and all ORM Models within Boston begin their existence with no Model Elements.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph68\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl60\trpaddt60\trpaddr60\trpaddb60\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx2948\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx18368\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 Entity Type\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Represents a conceptual or physical type of thing.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph68\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl60\trpaddt60\trpaddr60\trpaddb60\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx2948\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx18368\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 Fact Type\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 Represents the relationship between Entity Types, Value Types and/or Objectified Fact Types.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph68\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl60\trpaddt60\trpaddr60\trpaddb60\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx2948\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx18368\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 Internal Uniqueness Constraint\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 A Role Constraint that is limited to expressing the uniqueness of values of the Roles it spans and where those Roles are all within the one Fact Type.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph68\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl60\trpaddt60\trpaddr60\trpaddb60\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx2948\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx18368\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 Lexicon\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f1\fs20\cf0 A reference book containing an alphabetical list of words with information about them.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph68\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl60\trpaddt60\trpaddr60\trpaddb60\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx2948\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx18368\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 Meta\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 Means \'93describing\'94\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph68\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl60\trpaddt60\trpaddr60\trpaddb60\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx2948\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx18368\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 Metadata\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 Describing data (sometimes: self describing data). The type system is called metamodel\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph68\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl60\trpaddt60\trpaddr60\trpaddb60\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx2948\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx18368\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 Metalevel\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 The elements of the meta-level (the meta-objects) describe the objects on the base level\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph68\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl60\trpaddt60\trpaddr60\trpaddb60\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx2948\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx18368\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 Metamodeling\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 Description of the model elements/concepts within a Model.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph68\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl60\trpaddt60\trpaddr60\trpaddb60\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx2948\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx18368\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 Model Element\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 Any symbol that is used to describe or display a Model.
\line e.g. Entity Types, Value Types, Fact Types, Role Constraints, Model Notes are all Model Elements of an ORM Model.
\line Facts and Values are also Model Elements of an ORM Model.
\par \pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl Role Names are Model Elements of an ORM Model.
\line 
\line Model Element is a term used by Viev.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph68\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl60\trpaddt60\trpaddr60\trpaddb60\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx2948\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx18368\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 Objectified Fact Type\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 A Fact Type the instances of which are considered the instances of a conceptual type of thing.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph68\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl60\trpaddt60\trpaddr60\trpaddb60\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx2948\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx18368\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 Predicate\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 A logical predicate. e.g. 'Part is in Bin in Warehouse' is a predicate.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph68\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl60\trpaddt60\trpaddr60\trpaddb60\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx2948\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx18368\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 Role\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 Part of a Fact Type that is a placeholder for the Object Type that it joins, within the Predicate of a Fact Type.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph68\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl60\trpaddt60\trpaddr60\trpaddb60\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx2948\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx18368\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 Role Constraint\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 A Model Element that defines a constraint across one or many Roles.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph68\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl60\trpaddt60\trpaddr60\trpaddb60\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx2948\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx18368\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 UOD\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 Universe Of Discourse\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph68\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl60\trpaddt60\trpaddr60\trpaddb60\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb-8\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx2948\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx18368\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 Value Type\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 A named list of objects. e.g. 'Integer' is a Value Type.\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}{\trowd\trgaph68\trleft0\itap1\trpaddl60\trpaddt60\trpaddr60\trpaddb60\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfr3\trpaddfb3\trspdl-8\trspdr-8\trspdfl3\trspdfr3\trspdt-8\trspdft3\trspdb0\trspdfb3\trftsWidth1\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx2948\clwWidth0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brdrcf0\clcbpat-1\cellx18368\pard\intbl\itap1{{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 Total Internal Uniqueness Constraint\cell}{
\pard\fi0\li0\ql\ri0\sb0\sa0\itap1\intbl \plain \f2\fs20\cf0 An Internal Uniqueness Constraint that spans all the Roles of a Fact Type\cell}}\pard\intbl\itap1\row}\par\pard
\page
\pard\plain\f0\fs20 Your index page goes here...
\par
\par In MS-Word, select INDEX AND CONTENTS from the INSERT menu.
\par Select INDEX and click OK.
}